positive	the best movie of all time !
negative	eat my shorts .
positive	overated but awsome movie thrilling and intense
positive	this is probably one of the greatest comedies ever ! you have to watch it more than once to catch everything , but once you get it all , it is absolutely a riot ! i honestly laugh at every other scene in this movie . mike myers does a fantastic job playing austin , dr . evil , and fat bastard . mini-me was a hilarious addition ! and scott evil and frau and number 2 are just as funny . and heather graham is pretty easy on the eyes too . i guess this movie is so cool because there are so many quotable quotes in it . . . two thumbs way up !
negative	ah , what a horrible ending to a great story .
positive	great movie , but an even greater sound track .
positive	if you loved the first one you'll love this one . i thought a sequel would suck but i was wrong , it was hilarious , i haven't laughed that much at a movie in a long time .
positive	i just saw this movie and i loved it . i watched the tape about four times in one weekend . i recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a genuinely good movie .
positive	this movie really puts its finger on the pulse of the drug scene . the cinematography is awesome . one of the best soundtracks to come out in years .
positive	a man is the lone survivor of a plane crash . he is then taken under the wing of a guy who recruits lucky people . his mentor informs him that he has a luck power , and he has the power to steal other people's luck . he takes him to underground gambling places where luck is needed . they take pictures so if someone loses , his luck is surrendered through the picture . they do things like run through a forest blindfolded , play russian roulette with five bullets , and run through traffic blindfolded . he loses his luck , and his girfriends , and tries to get them back . i am not doing this movie justice . it is a great movie .
positive	i love veggie tales . it's the best !
positive	almost scared me !
positive	bash those nazis
positive	no independent film had success like this film . i thought it was so well written , even if you don't like shakespeare . the writing created wonderful characters and i love how accurate they were in presenting the issue of women not being able to act then .
positive	the greatest golf movie next to happy gilmore
positive	for me , traffic is going to be my pick for the best film of not only the year , but the decade . stephen soderbergh took a large risk in making a film with a budget , with stars , and a relevant story line , and to agree with another film critic , it is the best drama hollywood has put out since the godfather in 1972 . the acting was superb , the photography ( which soderbergh shot under a pseudonym ) was brilliantly shaky and colorful , and the plot was so wonderfully complex without going over the top that it is too much to explain here and do it justice . benicio del toro and michael douglas are the real standouts in this picture , though nearly all other characters are just as complicated and lived in . soderbergh , even before traffic was released , was my favorite living director , and with this brilliant epic , he will surely become the same for others . for those who liked traffic , i also recommend soderbergh's cut and paste noir the limey which used many of the same techniques , and it also featured the always lovable luis guzman , who in traffic served with don cheadle as the comic relief , a witty live action puumba of their silly duo . i loved it , every frame .
positive	die hard was a good movie . the actors were good . they storyline was great , how he had to save the building .
negative	ahh puke ! we got rid of this stupid show in the 70's and now they brought it back . the only redeeming aspect is bill murray and even he cannot outway the lack of plot and stupidity of the idea . and drew barrymore , ohh , i am near vomitting , i'm not going to make it , bleechhh !
negative	how ed asner decided to do this movie , i'll never know . but , aside from that , it's stupid , disrespectful and of course , sick at times . avoid .
negative	this sucks . didn't the same guy that made that first biggie and tupac movie make this ? i thought it was amateur filmmaking . this investigating director should be working for 'celebrity justice' or some sh * t .
positive	i laughed out loud more often than in any movie i've seen in years . i plan to buy this one .
positive	this has to be the only disney cartoon where the heroine isn't a bimbo or close to one . it has a good plot , suspense , and music .
positive	i saw this straight , and still laughed !
positive	i loved this movie . alright , ya , it was freaky . kinda weirded me out at times . . . . but the plot was great ! it's a classic thriller ! the villan was definetly scarey . and we could feel for j-lo . i loved it , but if you are easily freaked out , its not for you !
positive	great claymation . all three of wallace and grommit are good . wallace is an inventor and grommit is the human-like dog . wallace rents a room to a penguin who turns out to be nasty . grommit catches on and saves the day . original storyline and even fun for adults to watch .
positive	wow , am i glad to see this movie so high on the publics list . i love this movie and every movie in the trilogy . i am also pleased to see that the dvd for all three movies is coming out in november . this is a great fictional movie that has the power to excite peopl of all ages . i reccomend this movie to everyone , everywhere of all ages . if you havent seen it see it . and if you have seen it watch it again .
positive	american pie was a brilliantly hilarious movie . it comedically portrays what we all went through in high school .
positive	i rate it tops for originality and for starting a genre ; although as usual , you can run a good thing into the ground !
positive	my favority comedy of the 80's , the golden years of comedy . i think the line there are two lines that say it all for me . the first from murray near the beginning of the movie when his girlfriend leaves him and the second from ramis when they are being interviewed by the army enlistment officer . one- " but who will water the plants ? " two - " no , we're not homosexual , but we are willing to try . "
positive	it hits the mark , it is right about everything , america wake up ! !
positive	thi is a great film . wooy , a toy cowboy was andy's favorite toy at first , then he gets buzz lightyear , a toy space ranger . and soon woody gets worried that he might be forgotten and tries to find a way to get rid of him . soon he ends up at sid's house . sid destroys toys . and soon woody and buzz become friends .
positive	this movie kept me on the edge of my seat , and it wasnt because there was something nasty on it . very suspenseful , it kept me guessing until the end . great for a cold rainy night with friends .
positive	help me with the bags ? you take the blond i'ill take the one in the turbin . a classic line from a great movie , gene wilder , mary feldman , terri garr , madeline kahn and peter boyle . all at the mercy of mel brooks . how could this not be funny .
positive	lovely movie talented jim henson and that nice looking david bowie . and my favrorite jenniffer connnelly . i can watch this movie over and over agan it so interesting .
positive	excellent sequel . . .
negative	fake !
negative	fake !
positive	i don't know why this film is so under rated by the viewers . maybe it's to complex . i find the twist absolutely stellar . and i don't perticularlly like tom cruise .
positive	mash the movie was very good . the tv show was pretty good , but i think the movie and its ability to display things they couldnt show on tv give it a much bigger punch . as a movie , mash is just one of those movies which will always be harmed , ratings-wise , by the political message it carried . i love the humor and the story of this movie and love to see it every time i can find it .
positive	i absolutely loved this movie and have seen it 3 times now because i want my friends to see it too and have watched it with them . it is not only very very funny , but also very intelligent , with astute observations about our culture and references to literature and classic film ( e . g . wizard of oz ) . basically a road movie set in the depression-era south . the performances by the three leads are outstanding . i have never been a fan of george clooney before , but i thought he did a hell of a good job in a smart and comic role as the know-it-all , scheming leader of the trio of escaped cons . kudos also to tim blake nelson as the sweet but dumb ( as a bag of hammers ) con , and john turturro as the gangly , angry con of the trio . the music is also wonderful , though i am a fan of bluegrass anyway . but it's not surprising to see this kind of music hit a popular chord - it's sweet , unslick , unaffected and touches our history . the coen brothers have done it again , but done it again in a different way . . . again .
positive	i loved this movie . diane lane and john cusack had very good chemistry . the story kept me interested and while there were serious moments , there were also a lot of light hearted moments . my favorite part as when she answered her father's personal add .
positive	this movie is the most scariest movie ever . it was innovative . the director really knew how to scare people . the dialogue was terrific , and so was the acting . the special effects were advanced for the time it was made . the dead person in the tub was fun .
negative	wit the hell is this film i've never heard of it
positive	one of the classic mob movies of all time . deniro is great , joe pesci explodes . also , it is chock full of classic quotes . seeing this makes most of the recent mob-theme movies look lame .
positive	this movie is amazing with the animals the animation and the music is all good and there is romance . with all the laughter you need to watch the movie over and over just to catch it all and especially with the comedy stand inns the hyenas it is a perfect hilarious film . it also has death and problems that actually happen . all up its perfect .
positive	this is my favorite movie of all time . i own the dvd and have watched it maybe 25 times . my family laughs and makes fun on me when i watch it . i ve never really been able to determine what draws me to it . i have noticed that there are no women characters in the movie other than incidental ( the opening scenes where his wife is shown , some of the jury , the last parole board has a representative , the board house woman and the grocery store ) , thus all the interaction of any substance is between men . this is not what i usually watch . somehow the isolation and introspection by the characters seems important . i usually have plot criticisms of movies such as when characters do things that are nonsensical , something requires 1000-to-one odds to work and works , or cars roll over and there is a small nuclear detonation to enhance a scene . but the plot in sr is flawless . i ll read some more of the reviews .
positive	iut is great
positive	tremendous ! this all tapping , ballet and jazz film is great and a must-see for all dance lovers . gene kelly , iam proud to say is the greatest dancer in the entire world , a cute one too and a great singer at that also . also starring debbie reynolds ( mother of princess leia or more appropriately carrie fischer ) is beautiful and amazing , considering she did not dance until this movie ( gene kelly taught her for the movie ) . it's a fun-loving , tap , crazy film with romance and humour ( especially from cosmo ) . go and c now !
positive	this movie was really great . changed the face of science fiction . it is easily the best star wars even though it was the first one and had inferior technology . . every single actor did their role very well . harrison ford was magnificent . . it was an epic
positive	the scariest film ever made
positive	i thought it was a fantastic movie . i could believe nicole kidman and ewan mcgregor had such beautiful voices !
negative	if you are going to tell one of histories greatest storys don't mess with it . achilies never sees the inside of troy as he is shot in the heal . it one of the the biggest parts of homer's story but hollywood comes along and change a major part . the effects were nice but the acting was not that great and neither was the script .
positive	i liked this movie because it showed american indians as wonderful people , not savages . it showed how the american settlers took advantage of the poor indians . kevin costner looked pretty hot in the movie .
negative	this movie , although many thought it was very funny , i felt it was stupid and ben stiller is incredibly annoying .
positive	this is one of my 2 favorite movies ; the other is babe , pig in the city . babe is probably better for children , but bv is virtually flawless as a cinematic experience . i liked it much more on the second viewing than the first ; there aren't many movies that i can say that about . mulholland drive is great also .
positive	one odd movie , but i like the part with the parting of the red soup !
positive	funny movie
positive	national lampoon movies are really great . this 1st movie about the griswald family vacation was so hilarious . . . not as good as mational lampoon's european vacation though .
positive	the princess bride is the best fairytale movie . the story within a story helps the action move along and adds a lot of the humor . the acting is wonderful and it leaves the audience with a great feeling . the music and scenery are perfect .
positive	hoosiers is a terrific basketball movie . gene hackman stars as a new high school coach with a mysterious past , and his approach to coaching raises the eyebrows of his players and the townspeople alike . hackman's character forges ahead , and eventually takes his team to the indiana state finals . the build-up to the finals was very effective , and i found myself totally involved in the outcome . after living in a small town in indiana for two years , i can attest to the fact that people really are that obsessed with basketball ! if you're looking for an absorbing , feel-good movie , try renting hoosiers . you won't be disappointed .
positive	this was another laugh your butt off comedy ! i guess maybe i am in love with comedy movies .
positive	the anthem of the 21st century techno-geek ( like me : ) ! great movie , terribly funny . i'm not a fan of english comedy but this is the shining exception .
positive	teppi hedren is an insufferable airhead . jessica tandy looks , well , overly paranoid . also stars a very young veronica cartwright , who gets some of the best lines in this offbeat movie . great visuals and sound design , with no score to speak of , although a children's song and timely editing is used to great effect . not overly scary , slow at first , but very fun to watch from the point that tippy tippi gets her head drilled by a seagull .
positive	i loved every part of the movie , especially the ending becuase it was so unsuspected . it covered a lot of topics that go on in everyday lives like drugs , sexuality , friends , relationships , jobs , etc . it really made me think about my life and how 'special' everything around me is .
positive	my favorite bruce willis movie . you gotta love the scene when he runs through the cut glass .
positive	the plot was very heartwarming and showed just how strong a father / son bond can be
negative	the plot was horrible and the special affects too unbelievable . the acting did not help much either , especially the males ( chou yung fat or such )
positive	all a man has in this world is his balls and his word , and i don't break'em for no one . you got that ? i don't even remember how many times i've quoted from this movie , since i saw it , about 10 years ago . pacino's performance is something else , it is not acting , it's simply art in it's most amazing form . definitely in my top 5 .
positive	a true classic , combining music , suspence , camera work and acting . memorable characters and wonderful performances . one of the best movies ever made , the first of the summer blockbusters .
negative	how did this get under the title horror movies ? blade was the biggest joke i've seen in a long time . i feel sorry for wesley snipes , that's going to take a long time to live down .
positive	ferris bueller is one of the best movies i have ever seen . it is a bona fide american classic . amazingly , that is the way all teenagers feel : how can i get out of going to school today ? it is indescribable how funny it is when ben stein playing the teacher is standing in front of the class repeating bueller , bueller , bueller , in his monotonous voice . another great part of the movie is when the principal thinks that ferris is calling the school and insults the person on the other line . ferris tries to mellow out his uptight friend , cameron . the bulk of the movie is his day off : seeing his father getting into a taxi , going to the cubs game , singing twist and shout with the voice of john lennon in the middle of a parade float , hurrying home in time so that no one would find out he was feigning illness . when the principal rings the doorbell and it has that recording , you go nuts laughing . a really wonderful movie .
positive	how much more can a man value his word ?
positive	much better than i expected . excellent ! the story , casting , and cinemaphotography were all great . this will definitely go down in history as one of john singleton's greatest movies .
positive	definitely one of the best comedies ever . jack lemmon and tony curtis are very impressive , and marilyn monroe , for once , does a good job . i would definitely recommend it .
negative	no matter how many scream movies will be made , they will all be horrible . every 'unexpected' spook and fright can be seen a mile away . when someone is walking through the dark and the camera is on close-up , of course the chick will turn around to find someone there . don't go to get scared . you should take your girl , so she can hold on to you .
positive	the first and , i think , the best of the tricolors trilogy by polish writer / director krzysztof kieslowski . the most emotional of the three , with a tremendous score . juliet binoche is haunting and beautiful as ever ; her reserve and somewhat cold beauty suit kieslowski's themes of pain and liberty very well .
positive	this was an amazing movie . the impossible now seems possible because this movie shows a retarded man able to make it . this shows that we are all able to make it and that nothing's ever too late or too bad . it's a movie that definitely gives hope .
positive	i thought rice a roni was the san francisco treat . . . . . . . . it was , but they want to change their image
positive	depalma's best . . . remember the shower scene with angie dickenson ?
positive	these movies are nothing less than amazing . i can't explain humor that profound . don't rent them though , just flip to one of those t stations ( ex : tnt ) on a sunday afternoon .
negative	i dislike this movie alot
positive	who ever chose terrible are fuc # $ # $ stupid
positive	love it . the best movie i have ever seen . it has the best plot and scenes that i never forget .
positive	one of the best james bond movies ! ! a must for bond lovers : )
positive	great ! love it !
positive	so chill . i don't know if i was just in the right mood at the right time or what it was but i was one of the few people in the theatre who really enjoyed it . the soundtrack is excellent , the plot is . . . well , rather simple , and though it is not consistently laugh-out loud hilarious , the humor is very dry , very wry and very funny . a wistful modern masterpiece .
negative	it seems this is the movie that started the trend of using gore as a cheap way to create shock . the horror genre has never been the same since . thanks .
positive	excellent film . sure there are some inaccuracies in it but who cares it's entertainment and excellent entertainment at that . very engaging , it really draws you in , f . murray abraham is absolutely transfixing in this film . he does an incredible job as the aged saliery . his expressions , mannerisms , and speech is spot on . if you've missed this then you've really missed out .
positive	i love it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	the movie was great who cannot love macauley ? lets just say he's a pretty cool guy , believe me , take it from someone who knows him well .
positive	one of my all time favourite action / comedy films . there were good one-liners and hilarious characters . not one character stole the show . neat camera work and soundtrack .
positive	i think this was the first movie i saw of nicole and she played the part very well i loved the movie and was stunned at the end .
negative	a bunch of cheerleaders get massacred . who the f * * k pays money to watch this s * * t ?
positive	brilliant movie . it shows what a discipline can do . we need more coach's like coach carter in our high schools and colleges . a few in the workplace would not be a bad idea either ! !
negative	terrible , horrible , disgusting . it's a pity to see how the money is spent on this way .
negative	i hate these mocumentaries because of the camera style ( shaky , not steady ) and the acting ( full of stuttering , pauses , monotone speech ) . this is no exception .
positive	if i could pick more stars then i would . what i dont understand is how a movie like stigmata could be compared to a movie like night of the living dead , great plot , decent acting , amazing . the effects are really the only thing that people seem to complain about but what do you expect from a low budget movie . . .
positive	you won't come to any introspective revelations because of this film , but it is a rollercoaster of surprising action . you really get drawn into the plight of this much wronged mother and run with her on this race to ultimate revenge . ashley judd is beautiful and convincing .
positive	great movie . eddie murphy and other daddy's were hilarious !
positive	this movie would have long been forgotten if it wasn't for bruce lee . his screen presence , power and stunning physique make this movie worth watching . . and williams massive fro . there is no way roper could beat bolo ! things to wtach out for : 1 . hans terribly dubbed voice 2 . williams impressive fro . 3 . the " art of fighting without fighting " scene . 4 . " bull * * * mr . han-man ! " 5 . jackie chan getting his neck snapped by the master in the underground lair scene . 6 . " the battle with the guards was extra-ordinary ! " 7 . bruce lee delivering a massive kick to han's head .
positive	a classic film that was revolutionary . this film , although older than me , scared me to death and i was amazed art how good this film was .
negative	i can't believe people actually liked this god awful movie . a real lawyer wouldn't let some piece of trailer trash that dresses like she's a friggin' prostitute yell profanity in their face . but i guess if you flash some cleavage you can get whatever your tiny heart desires .
positive	the greatest sci-fi movie ever made . a classic shakespearian story to a futurisic theme . it is the 23rd century . khan noonian sihn , a geneticly engineered dictator from 1996 seeks revenge against a starfleet captain and a universe that betrayed him 15 years ago . with a weapon of unbelievable power , the genesis device , the crew of a starship , and a hiding science team at stake , including kirk's alienated son , kirk must overcome all odds , and defeat an arch nemesis he thought he had left behind . riccardo montalban was great , no one else could have played the part . leonard nimoy was also great , when spock died , it touched every star trek fan . everyone must see this great movie .
positive	surprisingly entertaing little movie . based very loosly on the homerian epic the oddessy this movie has some very funny moments . it has rewatchablity . the soundtrack is a nice change from the ordinary .
positive	this is my favorite musical , and i don't really like musicals . robert preston and shirley jones were both great in this movie . a very young ronnie howard was also in the movie . in my opinion , a classic !
positive	it's a great movie about being a working mom . the portrayal of this sharp tongued character who is quick to take offense , but still manages to enlist people in her cause was incredibly effective . i could have done with less of the bra straps showing all the time .
positive	the best french movie of 2000 , it is a pleasure to see such a good movie , with such an excellent cast . jean-pierre bacri is terrific and i would advise you to see the movie in french , if i dare to say , because there's a wonderful scene in which he speaks so well english it could scare you to death about french people . . . enjoy that movie , it is typically french !
positive	this is one that i can watch over and over again . it's cool , hilarious , and excellent . a true kick ass movie ! ! ! here's to waynes world : schwing !
positive	okay , i like comic books , even though i haven't collected for a while . i like the language they speak , the cues they leave . this movie is written in their language , and if you speak it , certain things are obvious from the beginning . that's important because the movie divides its audience into two parts ; those who can see all too clearly what's going on , and those who treat this like a normal movie . the weird thing is , this is a drama , it is reality , but the two or three primary causes for everything that happens are strictly comic book fare . what happens to the villain is a staple of every great batman comic ; he gets carted off in the end to an asylum for the criminally insane . the evil that the hero discovers is right out of some news magazine nightmare about a serial killer , but the hero handles it by dashing into the situation in a cloak and astoundingly saving the day . yet while that's going on , you have the quiet , careful , meticulous direction of m . night shamaylan that we remember from the sixth sense , dividing up the moments into oppresive and gripping tick tocks of a clock . his direction was better suited to this movie ; in fact i think the sixth sense was overrated . not everybody understands where he's coming from , and with a story like this , that's even further out there than tss was , you see it in audience reaction . nonetheless , if you've ever appreciated the dark cheesiness of a master villain like vincent price's abominable dr . phibes you'll see the important contribution to this film , and all film , that samuel l . jackson makes . picture the kid in the wheelchair from malcolm in the middle without the years of healthy social interaction , and his finger on the pulse of a phenomenon too real to seem anything but crazy , and driven to act out to crazy extremes as a result of it . introverts like this guy exist , you see them playing magic the gathering in bookstores , and though the movie is written in comic book language , the compelling dementia of the villain is still altogether there . what can i tell you ; if what i'm saying makes any sense to you , you'll totally enjoy this movie . i was blown away . if you're not keyed into this dark side of fandom , you may need something a little more compromising . m . night has all my respect for taking a chance with this story , and in my opnion , succeeding . weird and good .
positive	tarantino's direction makes this movie chronologically confusing . it does however , not lack for action and good acting . dropping you right into the story . like pulp fiction , has many memorable scenes .
positive	great movie . very , very solid throughout , with good action sequences , acting , etc . how in the hell can this be rated worse than die another day and face / off ? ! ?
positive	can i stretch the word excellent ? yes , i can . great performances , excellent screenplay . ed harris is amazing .
positive	this was one of the most thought-provoking movies i have ever seen . the anette benning character really made me take a look at myself , and what can you say about kevin spacey-the man is the best actor of our generation .
positive	i am a big sci-fi lover so alien immediately drew me in . with an awesome cast and a very memorable main character ( the alien that is ) this movie a veritable thrill ride . the action seldom takes a stop as ripley , the main human character , is forced to save herself , her crew , and her cat . the wonderfully done alien in the movie is undoubtedly the most notable feature in this picture , as it tries to kill off each of the crewmembers . the thing i probable like the most about this movie is what i like about most movies like jaws and predator . that would be the fact that you dont see much of the monster till near the end . to me , constantly seeing the thing your running from just makes the sense of wonder leave the movie entirely . i have always loved the alien saga , and the fist of the bunch is most defiantly a great one . i highly recommend this movie to all sci-fi lovers .
positive	i love jim carrey and i love this movie ! i watch this movie just to get a good laugh . how can you hate this movie ? it's halirious !
positive	if you liked apollo 13 , you'll love the right stuff . the movie runs a little long , but supplies an almost complete look at the mercury program . ed harris and scott glenn are excellent . dennis quaid and fred ward provide perfect support to create a cast of well played charcters . this history is interesting enough by itself that embelishment is unnecessary . jeff goldbloom bothers me though .
negative	a dumb-ass movie , appealing to dumb-asses . about as funny as a rubber crutch .
positive	spaceballs is one of the funniest mel brooks movies out there . it is a personal favorite of mine and it's just as funny ever time i see it . i highly suggest this movie .
negative	a nasty film by a director whose stock in trade is over the top unpleasantness e . g . the fury . de palma has to be one of the worst film makers of all time , right down there with tarantino and david lynch . if you want to see how gangster films should be done stick with coppola and scorsese .
negative	visually stunning , but poorly written and horribly acted . keanu and winona were miscast . they can't do the accents !
positive	after finally sitting down to watch this i could picture classictvfan pacing back and forth in his mom's basement while shouting the word inconceivable . here's a quick impression for you . you mean there are people on the surface that don't like star trek ? well , that's just so wrong it's . . . inconceivable ! !
positive	i was as impressed with this movie as i was hoping to be . we don't have enough movies with substance anymore , it's all about who can swear the most , or get the most loving , or blow up the most . this was a film that i have no trouble letting the kids watch .
positive	one of the best cartoons ever made .
positive	batman was just one of your typical superhero movies that you can enjoy . i thought that tim burton did a good job on emphasizing the darkness of batman's character .
positive	it has judy and the land of oz .
positive	i love ritchie valens and lou diamond phillips did a great job playing him .
positive	hilary swank's performance as brandon teena was phenomenal . there is an oscar award is this young woman's future ! !
positive	classic sketches . humor that can often be pretty crude , but cleverly ironic . the way the boarding school boys act utterly disinterested during the ott sex education scene is priceless ! lots of clever parodies concerning the nuances of english and american culture as well .
positive	great movie , great performance by fontaine , great photography , great mood music and an all-around great cast . the only hitchcock film to win best picture .
positive	this is probably one of the most legendary low budget movies . as opposed to the blair witch project , in the case of this film not only the actors are hysterical , but also the viewers get their share of madness . the special effects and filming techniques that were used in a sometimes quite experimental manner were an absolute novelty at the time and add to the involvement of the audiences into this extremely scary and bloody movie .
positive	one of the top five westerns of all-time . a very entertaining movie that did not rely on the duke to carry it . a fantastic supporting cast that was the main reason why this is such a great film in addition to geat directing and writing .
negative	i used to be able to say i know what you did last summer was the worst horror movie ever . at least it tried to develope characters , tried to be interesting , tried to be original . this film misses every beat and fails at even being a movie worth pissing on . if anything i laughed myself silly whenever dracula himself showed up . he reminded me of neo from the matric . does every actor have to over and under act ? there is no middle ground acting wise in this film . this movie only succeeding in taking my money . now i am a messanger . if you have a taste for unintintionaly funny movies go for it . if you want a good hunk of horror , go rent the shinning .
positive	this movie would have been even better with more gordon gecko and less charlie sheen .
positive	one of america's classic film offerings . this film is delightful . you need to watch this film because : 1 ) it is a classic . 2 ) hollywood , et . al . do not make films like this anymore . 3 ) one of the greatest actors , gregory peck , stars in this film . 4 ) who could forget a kid named scout ? 5 ) learn a little about the racist south and how contact with blacks created controversy .
positive	i thought this was such a good movie ! it made you want to get up and dance . it was very inspirational and gave me confidence as a dancer ! ! !
negative	i liked this movie better when it was released under its original title mogwai droppings
negative	i think i'm still suffering insulin shock from this sacchrine nonsense .
positive	i love this movie as cheesy as it is , john cusack is the best .
positive	i don't know what some of these reviewers are complaining about . i consider myself a discerning movie watcher , and must say that titan a . e . is nearly as epic a space opera as star wars itself . seriously ! this movie has it all--amazing visuals , great story and voice talents , and an awesome soundtrack to boot !
positive	callmetootie is an idiot . . . . bill murray is hilarious and groundhog day is a classic . i want some flajacks . too late for breakfast officer ?
positive	this is the best movie of the year and possibly in recent years . the film touches on many subjects without being preachy , leaving the viewers with room for interpretations and thoughts which i think is clever . the music score and cinematography are perfect . i indeed prefer the movie than the book which can actually be preachy and full of prpogandas . for those who are offended by the abortion and incest themes , give me a break . what is the morality portrayed in american beauty ( guns , infidelity and rape of the underaged girl ! ) ? why people rarely condemn the themes in pulp fiction ( totally rubbish film which makes swearing sound cool and violence a norm ) ? i think many americans are rather bored by such heart warming films like the cider house rules but cherish the violence and perverty in the aforementioned films . no wonder america has so many gunshot cases because people are so used to violence that guns are still not banned !
positive	a 5 , just for james cagney on the speaker , who did it , who did it . . . .
positive	this was a realistic movie about the hood ! i used to live in the hood and it brought back memories .
positive	it was really sad and it was kinda messed up too , but it was a great movie
positive	titanic has everything beautiful protagonists , exciting story , wonderful special effects , and it makes you laugh and cry ! this is no surprise considering it's directed by the master steven spielberg .
positive	more realistic than most people want to admit . the green party seizes power in germant and kicks out the us army . a revolution in mexico . this leads to a soviet led invasion of the united states . the soviets would not nuke the usa because they desperatly need our fertile farm-land . the usa won't nuke it's own people . a two pronged invasion with troops coming up through mexico and down though canada brings a conventional war to mainland america . a ragtag group of young kids in small town , heartland usa see their idyllic little world turned upsidedown by the invasion , they decide to kick some commie butt . this is the plot behind this strangly compelling , and moving , movie . while it does not feature the best acting , and is a litle over the top in its patriotism , it is still fun to watch . unlike other war movies , where the good guys come in and save the day , the outcome and final resolution is , in a mild sort of way , unexpected . one of patrick swayze's first movies . the group of young freedom fighters are , of course , a disparate group . you have the jocks , the nerds , the smart ones , and the chicks . sort of like the breakfast club on steroids . a fairly passable war flick . ignatious j . reilly says check it out .
positive	the graduate is a 1967 classic comedy-drama that you have to see to belive . the film is about a young man who gets seduced by his girlfriend's mother , mrs . robinson . as the film goes along , their relationship is quite strange and small , as he still dates her daughter .
positive	definately a classic horror movie ! i remember falling totally in love with johnny depp after seeing him in this flick . 1 , 2 , freddy's coming for you . . . . . 3 , 4 better lock the door . . . . . . 5 , 6 get a crucifix . . . . 7 , 8 better stay up late . . . . . 9 , 10 . . . never sleep again !
positive	i give it two thumbs up . jodie foster was great as always
positive	this film is kurosawa's masterpiece . it's even better than his 1985 movie , " ran . "
positive	great movie .
positive	great movie .
positive	this is my all time favorite movie . it is about priorities and what really matters in life . it may seem to start off a little slow , but all of the things at the beginning are leading up to something worthwhile . it is the movie that made james stewart my favorite actor and frank capra my favorite director . it is warm , funny and has a good moral . a true classic and the closest thing to a perfect movie there is .
positive	james cagney really shows his acting chops in this movie about george m cohan . an entertaining musical and cagney really puts his all into it . he's touching , delightful and electryfing . walter huston is great as his father jerry . cagney won an academy award for his performance . the movie will not disappoint .
negative	i hated the f * * * ing thing ! it was so darn scary ! it got me so jumpy that it wasn't even funny ! the ending was the worst i have seen in years . what is it with modern horror movies and bad endings ? first jeepers creepers and now this ! why did they have to kill the guy ? he was the only cool guy in the movie . that's totally not how i would end a movie . and i just wanna say that the part of the reason why the movie scared me so f * * * ing much is that it was so nasty ! i mean the dead bodies didn't have to be so ugly . . . and bigbaby is right , too many unanswered questions . i think the horrors should be scary while you watch them and the ending is supposed to rid the viewer of all fear , because everything is supposed to be explained . my butt ! and considering that the movie was actually a rip-off of that other japanese movie , its identical copy one might say , the director has done a poor job . message to the directors : please , don't make so f * * * ing scary senseless movies !
negative	i had hoped to like this movie , but if just had a boring storyline in my opinion . reese did a good job with what she had to work with , but i'd never recommend this film .
positive	easily the best of the star wars trilogy . the beginning battle was awesome , yoda , darth vadar . the battles were all perfect . it had an open ending and a poweful battle which kicked ass . the dialogue was much improved from the first too .
negative	do movies reflect the personalities of people who make them ? if so , michael bay ( director ) and jerry bruckheimer ( producer ) must have no personalities at all . the characters are only self interested and shallow while the actual bombing of pearl harbor seemed like it's only purpose was to mess up that little love triangle between the only three characters in the movie . what a bunch of saps .
positive	paul schofield won the oscar for his portrayal of thomas more , a man of integrity , faith and courage in facing henry viii . ( you know all about good king hank , don't you ? )
positive	i agree completely with leis -- one of the best ever music movies . the music is good , and the story is heartwarming . the christmas season just isn't the same for me if i don't manage to catch this movie ! the actor who plays the general , can't remember his name , is wonderful and the scene at the end with the reunion of many of his men makes me cry every time !
negative	did not like this movie at all . it's a waste of time .
negative	so very , very fake .
positive	this show is great ! remember when the nose got flattened ?
positive	mel gibson , what can i say ? it is definitely one of the best summer movies with a great plot , acting , and smooth transitions between scenes . the only complaint i had about this movie is that it is too much like braveheart .
positive	honestly how can you not love the muppets ?
negative	just an action movie to showcase the onscreen partnership of ice cube and mike epps . not very good at all .
negative	terrible ! halle berry what were you thinking ? the storyline is stupid , the acting is boring , and the plot never takes off . no chemistry at all between benjamin bratt and halle berry , oh and that terrible catwoman suit and boots . the movie should be in the comedy category , instead of action movie . the critics were right on the money this time .
positive	this was one of the best movies i have ever seen ( and that is saying something ) ! it really got to the depth of the reality for some people without any sugarcoating . angelina jolie was incredible and fascinating to watch as a seemingly coldhearted sociopath . i have to admit i kinda could relate to a few situations in this movie and it really brought up a lot of questions in my mind .
positive	awesome movie dreamworks di da great job of making a movie that kids and adults would enjoy . great ending too .
positive	awwwww the gremlin is so cute awwwwww awwwww i just want to hug u and squeeze u i love u gremlin i love u u love me where a happy family with a great big hug and a kiss from me to u wont u say ull hug me too awwwww kiss kisss
negative	no go
positive	more of an action film than sci-fi , but still fun to watch ! update : there is a dvd ( both special edition and regular ) out there , just thought that pbeavr would like to know , hope that it helps !
positive	alot better than u . s . marshalls
negative	i don't even want to see this mean , terrorizing piece of crap , it's about making fun of christians . and i'm a christian .
positive	it was a better movie than i thought it would be . it is a chick and dude movie because of the girls and the sentiment .
positive	simply fabulous ! loved it ! haley joel osment shows once more the amazing actor that he is - and hopefully will keep getting better ! the cast - including teddy - is very well chosen . the story is magical and steven spielberg is at his best , doing what he does best - telling stories .
positive	swingers is one of my favorite movies of all time . in college , this was our drinking movies . i agree with the other viewers who say this is a movie males would like . i've seen it with a few girls , and only one like it , but with my friends , we've seen it at least ten times and laugh at the same part all the time . it isn't a movie that is a laugh minute , but its one where you can relate . also , you will have the vocabulary in your head for weeks .
positive	sanctuary ! sanctuary ! good final comment by medgar evers below .
positive	this movie is a guilty pleasure of mine . saw it first when i was about 12 years old and have never forgotten it . it does have some pretty campy dialogue and scenes , but at the same time it is gripping in a way that's not easy to forget . the characters are also memorable . i have seen this movie gain more notoriety recently and sense that it is becoming a cult classic . something about the period and its status as the vanguard of disaster movies , plus those great shelley winters underwater scenes , i can see why . climb aboard !
positive	i really did enjoy it , and i can relate to it , which makes it even better . fun performances , and knock-out dance scenes .
positive	best disney movie ever . incredible animation and the story has real heart . the songs are some of the best ever heard in a disney movie .
positive	gotta love that one . yes , they are one of my favourite characters . this movie along with the other two that aardman productions had done are the best claymation i've ever seen ; their countless hours on making this movie have shown why they are an award winning production . any person at any age would appreciate this movie . we shall see if on oct . 7 , the curse of the wererabbit will live up to the hype of the original three w & g movies and chicken run .
positive	i like it . this is different .
positive	very finely crafted movie , with not a weak performance to be seen . caan is perfect as sonny , and pacino has his breakout performance as michael . this , with the sequel are possibly the best pair of movies ever made . the third one , however , is just mundane .
negative	this movie was stupid .
positive	i watched this movie expecting to be bored out of my mind , but to my surprise , i could not stop laughing ! my preconception of the movie was that i wouldn't enjoy watching it because it centers around golf ( i am not a golf fan ) , but i found it to be one of the most hilarious movies i have ever seen . . . you don't have to be a golf know-it-all to like it . my favorite scene is the fist fight between bob barker and happy . . . it is one the funniest scenes in comedy-movie history ; it's definitely a classic . anyways , a real funny movie starring a real funny guy . . . fun to watch over and over again for some laughs !
negative	i hate jason movies . way too sick . who wants to see an idiot killing teenagers ?
negative	i'd have been happier if they stayed away from my home .
positive	i give planet of the apes ( 2001 ) five stars , it is one of the best sci-fiction films ( next to star wars ) . it 's my favorite movie so far . the end of the movie may not make sense to some people , but it is still a good film and worth watching . my favorite part in the movie , is where general thade ( tim roth ) looks right at leo davidson ( mark wahlberg ) and said this one looked at me . . i loved that part . planet of the apes ( 2001 ) rulez ! ! !
negative	frankly my dear i do not give a damn about this movie .
positive	a masterpiece , an utterly beautiful film , all the more amazing because it was filmed in paris during the occupation . a hundred , nay a thousand times better than the disney atrocity .
positive	this was a great love story . i actually thought it would be boring , but the relationship jack and rose had was beautiful . never a boring scene in the movie , and will keep you wanting to watch it over and over again to feel what the titanic victims felt .
negative	my friends said this was the funniest movie ever . i watched it and had no clue what they were talking about . it had an extremley dissapointing ending , such bad humor , and some bad acting by good actors .
positive	this movie to me earned every point it got from me . it's funny and every actor in this film played their part very well . overall , the film should have the rating of 9 or 10 . you would agree if you saw the movie ( i see dead people ) .
positive	those who see this movie as just another good versus evil movie are missing the point . this movie is about doing your duty and acting with integrity versus acting out of cowardly self interest . an entire town turns it's back on will kain , including his deputy , in his hour of need . even his new wife is ready to abandon him because she won't try to understand why he feels he must stay to face frank miller , who has vowed to kill him . even the one person who understands him , helen ramirez , turns away . the only people ready to stand with him are a drunk and a boy . gary cooper acts the part of will kain wonderfully . you can feel his quiet desperation and his self doubt , as he realizes that he will have to fight this fight alone against four men . when kain finally realizes he will be alone , he sits in his office to write his will . what follows is simply one finest montages anywhere in cinema . as the clock ticks toward high noon and the music builds , we see the faces of all the people who have abandoned him . the tension builds and builds until it is broken by the whistle of the noon train . the result of the fight is a foregone conclusion , but that doesn't matter . by the time the gunfight begins the story is essentially over , except when his new wife , an avowed pacifist , kills one of the bad guys rather than see her husband killed . the last scene is perfect , where kain looks at the crowd gathered after the gunfight , and tosses his marshal's star on the ground in contempt , and rides away silently . high noon is simply the best western ever made , including the searchers and unforgiven ( sorry clint ) .
positive	some people may not agree with me for this rating , but i liked the movie very much . as soon as i saw the final battle between neo and smith it blew my mind . than i liked the battle for zion , i liked the first part where they go to save neo and as soon as they enter the bar a fight breaks out . i like that one . i liked that movie very much
positive	great acting . haunting story and the comedy made it more so . william h . macy was great ! the coen brothers got me . i believed for the longest time that this was a somewhat true story . but now i hear it wasn't . it's a new low to introduce a film as a true story and then have that be just a joke .
positive	erika christensen does a real convinving job in this movie like classictvfan and rodeodo say . she is a wonderful actress who could make playing a tossed salad interesting .
positive	never read the books but i'm in love with this movie series .
positive	based on victor hugo's novel , this one definitely goes down as a classic . the make-up work on quasimodo's face is so well done- haunting to look at today , imagine what it looked like to people 80 years ago ! the scenes of quasimodo's torture are so dramatic , and most of the acting is excellent . not everyone knows , however , that the real story ends with an image of quasimodo and esmerelda's decaying skeletons holding each other . . .
positive	forgive me , but i adore this movie . i rented it really for lack of anything else that i really wanted to see , plus i thought it looked kinda funny . it turned out to be surprisingly adorable . alright , fine , very unbelievable , but so what ? it's a movie , not a documentary . and i thought it did a fantastic job of portraying high school life as it really is , which many movies miss the mark on . i would consider this a chick flick , with porn stars . it really is a teenage love story , and yeah , pretty much a carbon copy of risky business , but in a heavy time of remakes , if there is going to be one , it might as well be a good one , and this is .
positive	princes purple rain was the last album that i loved after that they were ok but the movie saw it in the theatre saw the purple rain tour in 85
positive	this is my favorite movie of all time . i've read the book too ( called wise guys ) , the book and movie are equally superb . robert deniro portrays jimmy the gent beautifully ( of course , would you expect any less from deniro ? ) . he has a certain charisma that will never be possessed by any other actor . . . it's undescribable . ray liotta did an excellent job of portraying henry hill . . i love his cool and calm demeanor through out the movie ( except when he goes into panic mode toward the end ) . another great , joe pesci . goodfellas is his best performance . any guy that can portray a member of the mobb and then go on to play a crook in a kids movie ( home alone ) deserves credit . my favorite part of the movie ? the scene with billy batts . moral : don't bang on the trunk . most tantalizing movie ever ! definatley a classic !
positive	mel gipson : great actor + great director = awesome movie
positive	the greatest ( no not exaggerated ) greatest musical ever ! ( tied with mary poppins ) anyone who says julie andrews is not appealing is just jealous of her fantastic talent . she is the best female vocalist ever to live ! and this movie proves it . best musical best family film guarenteed to delight the entire family from the little ones to the elderly . go out and get this movie you wont be sorry
positive	a bit twisted compared to the comics , but who wouldn't love superhero stories ?
positive	great movie based on a great book . unfortunatly like with almost all other movies based on books , there just isn't enough time to fit in all the specifics . in actuality dantes goes to much greater lengths to obtain his revenge . however , the director did a good job of not making the movie too long which could risk losing the interest of those who weren't familiar with the story .
positive	i loved this movie ! it showed that being popular isn't a must . its cute and a lot like the world today
positive	alright , i'll admit it . i'm a star wars geek , although granted i don't have a room in my house dedicated to it and i didn't sleep on the sidewalk to get tickets to the latest three travesties . that being said , i do love star wars . despite mediocre acting and special effects that are now considered laughable , i find myself still enjoying it . its uncomparable to other sci-fi flicks because it started the genre and is still the hallmark of the genre . its fun , entertaining and has made george lucas a ridiculously wealthy man .
positive	one of my personal favorites once i could understand the plot . i love the movie because it was original and sexy . tom cruise did a fabulous job at holding the audience in suspense . i own the soundtrack .
positive	the movie was stellar . agree with the other respondent , it was humphrey bogart's best of many great portrayals . he perfectly conveyed the paranoia , obsessive compulsive behavior , and veiled cowardice of lcdr phillip queeg . incredible casting with van johnson ( later became the green hornet ) , fred mcmurry ( playing a heel ) , and jose ferrer . the book ( written by herman wouk ) is even better . no story captures the responsibility and accountability of a military officer at war better than caine mutiny . read the book , rent the video .
positive	coyote ugly was a wonderful movie , i think it really gives you inspiration . no matter how many times you watch it , it always bring a smile to my face .
positive	this movie should and will leave you sobbing . it takes you on an emotional roller coaster , from sublime to heartbreak . the tragedy is that the movie is true , and it's so sad when you realize people can be so cruel . ( more conservative people might not enjoy this flick , but i suggest they see it anyway . it might open their eyes . )
positive	people that rates this bellow 5 is retarded they should all be shot and pissed on
positive	i loved this movie . brad pitt and robert redford are excellent in it . it is most definitely worth going to see at the movies and i am going to buy it the day it hits the shelves .
positive	superb ! ! that's the only word i can say to describe this movie . have seen it 2 times . willem defoe , what can i say , the man is not only gorgeous , but he can act too ! ! the scene where he runs out to the chopper barely alive , excellent ! !
positive	good music , great photography , marlon brando and karl malden at their best , talking about traitors a subject very fragil but very good for a man like kazan that lived persecutions , the best film of elia kazan
positive	this is among the most underrated comedies of all time . this was a lol riot all the way through . when they're not too busy partying off camera , norm macdonald and ardie lange can be comedic geniuses ( snl , madtv , howard stern show ) . once you get to the bar scene , the laughter never ends .
positive	still my favorite imax movie , after all these years . no 3d glasses , no special effects--a simple movie about the joys of air travel . it was my first imax movie so it holds a special place in my heart .
positive	holy craparoonie ! ! ! why is this animated slice of nirvana this far back ? granted , it came out awhile ago , but stick it on a plasma screen and watch it dazzle your retinas ! ! old-school showcase for meticulous paintwork that still can't be done on computer to any satisfying length . what it suffers in cultural curiosities is more than made up for in sheer scope and chutzpah . count me an avowed fan .
positive	this is the science fiction movie . despite it's revolutionary movie making technology , it's classic good vs . evil plot makes for good family entertainment . this space age western should be the measuring pole for all science fiction movies .
positive	now this is more like it . finally a superhero movie that actually resembles the comic books . god i loved this movie . i have to tell everybody out there that this is already one of my all-time favorite movies . if spider-man is your favorite superhero please god you have to see this one .
positive	i thought it was a superb version of a excellent graphic novel .
positive	spanish conquistadors , driven on by the obsessive klaus kinski , search for the fabled lost city of gold , eldorado - through hallucinatory peruvian landscapes of mist-enveloped mountains , dense rainforest , exotic wildlife and the mighty , challenging amazon . a mesmerising adventure and unforgettable journey for the armchair spectator !
positive	despite its average acting , it's still a wonderful fairy tale for a generation of people who grew up without fairy tales . had a big impact on my childhood . empire strikes back was my first novel at 9 . . .
positive	this movie was more interesting then funny . it had a very interesting story . i especially enjoyed watching it when i was younger because that is a desire that is common in younger children , especially boys - to become big . big had a touching story line .
positive	i was so into the movie that when it ended i wanted to have a sword fight and leap across rooftops .
positive	this is the best monty python movie of them all .
positive	that movie is like so funky . . even tho it wasnt scary i still liked it ! ! ! rock on ! ! ' !
positive	saving private ryan was a good drama . i loved the way it made me feel like i was right in the trenches with them . the actors did a good job of making me feel their emotions . i think i really know what war was like because of that movie . this was one of the best movies i have seen . this was a very touching , very realistic movie . the reason i like it so much is because it is so realistic .
positive	i believe the shawshank redemption is the best movie ever created . the movie was directed extremely well , it has excellent cast , and above all , it has brilliant and wonderful story . it is funny , sensitizes , sophisticated and has an astonishing end - every thing a movie should have . when i first saw this movie , i was very impressed , especially from its end . from that time , i manage to see it at least ten times and each time i saw it again , i enjoy it like i haven t seen it at all ; i even see things that i haven t noticed before . i think that everyone should see this movie at least one time , and if you haven t seen it yet , go see it - i promise you that you ll enjoy every second of it .
positive	awesome movie ! ! one of the best i have seen .
negative	just two words : not funny
positive	a classic and trippy film . whether watched along with dark side of the moon or not , this movie rules every time . the flying monkees scene will always send chills down your spine , no matter how many times you have seen it .
positive	great movie to be in the same league as 'ben hur' . . . . . . . . .
positive	the newest miyazaki hayao's animation . it's a fantasy story and its good for kids .
positive	incredible , but am trying to find out if it is available to buy
positive	i thought this film did an excellent job of connecting the viewer with the actors . it left me emotional . it kept me involved . i wanted to really meet the characters and help fix them .
positive	zoiks . . . .
positive	fever was a such a cultural phenomenon and it technically wasn't a musical . there are so many memorable scenes and it is really a great story of young , urban america in the late 1970's . and of the course , the bee gees music is amazing .
positive	he's not the messiah , he's a very naughty boy
positive	i'm not sure how i lasted so long without seeing this movie , but it just turned out that way . after hearing friends of mine rave about it , quote from it ( did you get the digits ? ) , and compare themselves to characters in the movie , i was kind of expecting the worst . swingers is in fact an amazing movie - and oddly touching . it's a guys' movie through and through , and does a very believable job of portraying how single guys act and act towards each other - without falling into the trap of beer commercial stereotypes . definitely a movie to rent for your buddy who is coming off of a rough break up . five stars .
positive	this movie is a visual masterpiece . the time and effort it took to make this film far surpasses the over hyped computer trash put on by dreamworks or disney . this movie has true artistic skill and a great script to add ! i recommend this movie to anyone .
negative	okay , now this kind of film , even for kids , is a real insult to filmgoers everywhere . in spite of all its dynamic advertising and cool posters , it turned out to be nothing all that special , just a series of grotesque animal fights with dodgy cgi and tacky weapons . the fact that it tried to preach the theory that all cats are evil and that it's only thanks to the companionship of dogs that we're all happy and free didn't do it any favours . i like cats myself , and actually found it alarmingly offensive , particularly the portrayal of all 'cat people' as fat , drippy women and the horrific 'educational' cartoon of ancient egyptian history in which everything gets disgustingly distorted . but it couldn't even make the best of such a dubious concept . the script was poor and disappointingly slow-paced , with jokes i'd heard a thousand times before , the puppetry , particularly for the chinese hairless , was pathetic , the plot was tissue-thin , and acting , both people and voices , was really , really bad . only the trained cats and dogs gave it any life and soul . little attempt was actually made to develop the characters , even the animal ones ( the least said about those irritating 'humans' the better ) . the plot ? a puppy with an adult voice is accidentally called upon to protect a scientist working on a cure for dog allergies from cats trying to take over the world . very , very tedious . your kids deserve better than this . if you're a dog lover , you'd probably be better off giving this a miss . if you're a cat lover , avoid it like hell !
positive	love this movie . it's a great love story , and a good family movie .
negative	sucked . it is difficult to get over the fact that richard is 48 and winona is 22 . additionally , ricahard dated winona's mom . how are we supposed to swallow that !
positive	this movie is one of the best i've ever seen and i could watch it many times . kathy bates stars at an ordinary housewife , whose life centers on her family and a fantasy . she wants to be a singer . did you know kathy bates has a beautiful voice ? i was shocked ! she adores a british singer played by jonathan pryce . just as she is about to get tickets to see her idol in person , her husband ( dan aykroyd ) gives her the news that he wants a divorce . this film is part musical , mostly comedy , part mystery and drama . it takes fox's death to teach grace ( kathy ) how to to live : a life lived in fear isn't much fun . grace's love is unusual because she gives it without demands . she accepted her daughter-in-law , who is a dwarf and named grace's only grandchild pokey . grace never condemns and still loves everyone . this is a quirky , bizarre , very funny comedy . grace eventually learns that there is more to life than being safe . we are prompted at the end to love unconditionally our family and friends , plus ourselves . that takes courage , but this film makes it work . the songs are fabulous and you can't help but keep singing them after the movie is over . special guest cameo by julie andrews is another treat ; she plays herself and sings too . there are many other cameos , like barry manilow and lynn redgrave . highly recommend you go rent this movie today ! !
positive	any high school senior will appreciate this flick . it seems everyone in this movie relates to someone you know or knew . a must see with friends , the more the better . don't forget your wood-shop projects . . . .
positive	just a wonderful movie ! lots of laughs , great annimation , murphy and myers were great . antonio banderas as puss in boots was a nice twist . the only part i didn't like was the fairy godmother . i highly recommend this one .
positive	concerning the misfortune ( s ) befalling a mother and her two children in 11th century japan ; an engrossing , lyrical , unsurpassed masterpiece of quite exquisite , aching beauty and devastating emotional impact , from the greatest of all directors , the prolific perfectionist kenji mizoguchi . wonderful beyond words . ( i'd like to add that the film has wide appeal , currently averaging 9 . 4 and 9 . 5 on the internet movie database and foreignfilms . com website respectively )
positive	this is a better movie for adults than for children . i think it is a little too scary in some spots for kids . that being said , it is a great movie and a perfect adaptation of the novel , charlie and the chocolate factory . gene wilder is perfectly cast as wonka and the collection of child actors is wonderful . it's kind of amazing , given the quality of their performances , that they were largely never heard from again .
negative	a truly unremarkably film , , , , but remarkable in its ability to trick people . brimming with unrealistic sentimental nonsense designed to tug on your little heart strings . which disguise the long boring plot and horrible acting of kevin costner . second to water world as the worst kc movie . and second only to titanic as the worst academy award movie in history .
negative	my husband and i both thought this movie was terrible . the visuals were the only good thing . the fight sceens were to hokey with all the flying . why did the girl take a horse when she was trying to save chow yun fat if she could just fly through the tree tops ? just to silly for words and a waste of $ 15 . 50
positive	too funny for words . total , utter , silliness and well worth watching .
positive	this one wrapped everything up just like it was supposed to and then some . sith was much better then the previous two and is as good as the first three . lots of action and a few suprises with a nice steady pace . the best movie of the summer , really !
positive	scarface is a classic . this has to be the all time best movie in history . the ending was tight . it would have been better if he blasted everyone though .
positive	i was impressed at how faithful the movie was to the book . i noticed that some parts of the book were left out only to learn that they were left on the editing room floor . after giving it a second thought i realized that it was better this way . seeing how idiots like axlrod2003 can't stay focused for two seconds . if people lke him were forced to endure the extra footage it would surely drive them to suicide .
negative	i actually am a man who likes well-done dramatic love stories , really lol . but i am just like elaine on seinfeld , twisting in agony in my chair waiting for this yawner to end .
positive	i thought this movie was really funny . robert de niro does a great job with his role as an overprotective father . while i normally hate ben stiller , he was funny . it's a great movie to watch if you need to laugh .
positive	i am not a particular fan of tom hanks , but i have to say he really impressed me in this one . that giggle was brilliant , i thought i'd die laughing . i had no idea that this was a remake , but no matter how good the original was , this version certainly can match it . the coens are great . of course , it is not the traditional hollywood comedy , but thats whats so great about it . wayans was very criticised , i really dont understand why , i thought he was excellent . the scene when he remembers his childhood is even worthy of quentin tarantino . i enjoyed this film a lot .
negative	terrible movie . focuses on jesus' torture in attempts to guilt people into believing in him or going to church . where was the focus on his teachings and beliefs ? a big-budget horror movie and nothing more .
positive	this movie was great , but a little too gory . it depicted the war and the issue of trust and backstabbing very well . i usually don't like this kind of movie , but i loved this one .
positive	this is tied for my # 1 movie with one flew over the cuckoo's nest ( 1975 ) .
positive	the matrix is the best movie . watching it a first time isn't enough , surely my favorite movie ! the effects are awesome keanu reeves is so hot ! if you haven't seen this movie yet , go out get it !
negative	as a geo-science major in college -- i have to say this movie breaks all rules of geophysics --- and really just basically sucks . what a joke -- especially the insta-freeze of solid objects like buildings . another hollywood pos offering .
positive	one of the best all time movies ever made . i loved it , aboslutly loved it . i just hoped they went into the lives of these great pilot's a bit more . such as : by the end of wwii yeager had shot down a total of 13 enemy aircraft . that in 1954 yeager retired from testing rocket aircraft and returned to military flying only . there is no mentoin at all about wally schirra's six orbits in oct . 62 . the most exiting details of gordo cooper's flight were left out , how he flew his spacecraft back after 34 hours and a ship that all systems were ethier dead or on there way . pancho barnes was indeed a test pilot , in 1929 she was flying expermintal aircraft such as the lockheed j-5 . she also owned and operated her own flying circus . the fire that burnt her club to the ground was considered suspicious because the air force wanted that land and threatend to condem her club , acting as her own lawer , she won her case and was awarded $ 414 , 000 . the scene where yeager loses control of his nf-104 and bails out happened 5 months after coopers flight and 15 months after nasa moved to houston , in the movie is is depicted during and before . all in all still one of the best movies ever .
positive	this is not the best film ever created but gets 5 stars for many other reasons . . this movie is a tradition that has always left me with a comforting sense with its' small town goodness . i always sensed those were better times when vitues and family mattered . . . teaches some very good moral lessons too .
positive	i have an obsession with this movie ! ! ! ! it is one of my favorite movies and as an answer to one person's question there's more than diggin' just happening , and i'd see a movie like that !
positive	a very good movie the plot was great .
positive	i'm sorry if the majority of teens today enjoy raunchy humor ( sarcasm ) . i'm sure people will stop making these movies when people stop watching them .
positive	i was actually pulling for the predators to prevail . those nasty serpent-aliens must be stopped before the whole of mankind is infected ! ! !
positive	this is only partly a cinderella story . what this is about is a culture clash , between your typical anglo-american-two-and-a-half-kids family and your enormous-invite-the-hundred-cousins ethnic family . it was brilliant and accurate . go see it .
positive	the first of 4 movies andthe scariest . shot in black and white on a shoestring budget . the tension inside the house gets thick enuff to cut with a knife . the dead come back to feed on the living and a group of strangers try to lock themselves into a farmhouse . this was remade in color several years later and the remake isn't bad . the second of the series is a must see .
positive	this is my favorite spacey film in that it really keeps you guessing until the end of the movie . the way the story unfolds is very unique and the character development is excellent .
positive	excellent disaster movie . i am a fishing-lover and i have experienced storms , waves , unexpected catch ( much smaller sharks ) , etc . highly recommended for fishermen and fishing-lovers !
negative	truly horrible . bad acting . every cliche in the book . dunst strutting around in tight , little shirts and panties for 2 hours wasn't enough to make this movie worthwhile .
positive	good enough to make you want to see to see it 10 times consecutively ( if not more ) . very sad movie . one of the saddest movies of all time . tom hanks did a really job at playing his character . see it as soon as possible .
negative	oh my ! people r gonna be sorry i rated this one . who could actully find this movie entertaining . theres ass raping on here . thats sick . to my fan : im sorry i couldnt make you laugh with this one , this movies disgusting . love you all killabuds4every1
positive	kubrik is insane ! he's also a genius , i've loved every one of his movies including this one . insanly bad ass !
positive	depicting a japanese architect's affair ( at hiroshima , in 1959 ) with a french actress , who recalls her wartime love for a german soldier under nazi occupation , this is a ground-breaking , and highly influential arthouse masterpiece . its intertwining of past and present , and of different personal and political experiences , is handled with rare sensitivity , elegance and wholly cinematic expertise . a challenging but refined , quietly moving and brilliant film .
positive	this is a great movie and a wonderfully written screenplay by matt damon and ben affleck . damon and robin williams are both excellent as the thug / genius and therapist , respectively . it also includes one of the greatest lines in recent movie history . how do you like them apples ! ! !
positive	very entertaining . its hard to not pay attention to this movie . i kinda have concern for anyone in a comma now . if you seen it you know what i'm talking about . they went way to far with the blood in this movie . it seems like even a minor papercut in this movie would shoot blood like a fire hose . but thats just my exageration . the action and the fighting in this movie are preety badass .
negative	adam sandler can't act . would someone mind telling me why he stars in so many movies ?
negative	with all the hoopla about this film , i determined to watch it . i'd heard that some viewers in the theater were so frightened that they would vomit , etc . well now i see why they were vomiting , but it surely wasn't from fright . the vomiting had to come from one of two sources : ( 1 ) bad popcorn or candy , etc . , or ( 2 ) the awful stench emanating from this terrible flick !
positive	matrix was a really good movie because of the special effects , music , costumes and actors . a lot of the stuff was new , so it was unseen , which made it better .
positive	i think this is a great movie . i have seen this so many times i know it word for word through the whole movie and i can do the fast-talking sequence ( what you wouldn't read about is how ray finkle lost his mind was committed to a mental hospital only to escape and join the police force under the assumed identity of a missing hiker manipulating his way to the top in a diabolical scheme to get even with dan marino who he blamed for the entire thing ) faster than jim carrey in the movie and yet i still laugh at the jokes . my favourite part is when ace turns up at ray finkles house and says hi , i'm looking for ray finkle then a shotgun is pointed to is head . he replies and a clean pair of shorts . and when asked over the phone by courtney cox where he is , he says i'm in phsychoville and finkle's the mayor . all in all one of carreys best performances . the sequel was crap .
negative	hunt for red exitsign was so bad . i hunted for the red exit sign , found it , and left . i cant believe anyone falls for this dumb over acted crap .
positive	sharks are jawsome ! !
negative	another movie on the sequel craze .
positive	great satire and a poignant message - the alex character is memorable . . .
positive	i don't know why this isn't in the classics . first time i watched this i thought it was absolutely hilarious ! woody allen writes the greatest one-liners , and diane keaton is great as annie hall herself . i consider this possibly woody allen's best film . even if it has a simple story it's still an absolute classic . summary : one of the funniest and greatest films ever .
negative	pocahontas is a 1995 disney film that is based upon the life of an indian woman a few hundred years ago and how her life changed when she became part of a man's life . it's as bad as it sounds , but worse . it is not what you'd expect from disney , and it gets too boring and annoying .
negative	grease is such an overrated movie . it's absolutely horrible and john travolta is lame .
negative	basically we have " the exorcist " meets " rosemary's baby " . if you enjoy special effects at the expense of character development and plot , by all means - indulge yourself . personally , i found this about as interesting as a trip through a meat packing plant on a golf cart going 120 miles per as i'm paging through a comic book of the gospels according to the mentally deranged . but , i won't go there since there isn't enough space on this page to cover the pathetic use and abuse of theology . i'll just sum up by saying ; not funny , not frightening - just near sited , ill informed and very , very dumb . i'll hand it to reeves though ; he apparently stays on top of the acting game just enough to get first choice at the high budget glitz - wherein his only requirement is to storm around like a male model with an inflamed hemorrhoid spouting what might pass as witty one liners - provided you are still in high school . it would appear that the formula is ; throw in enough special effects as camouflage and anyone can look like an actor . sadly , and for reasons i can no longer remember , i gave him a bit more credit than that . up until now .
positive	yes , yes , yes , fantastic movie . hitchcock's 4th best and in the top 50 for sure . best movie of the 40 besides double indemnity and the great dictator ( see those movies ) . interesting plot , best cary grant and ingrid bergman performances of their careers . ( woooo ! casablanca ! play it again , sam ! no , she's better in notorious ! ) . claude rains is particulary great as well but his performance in mr . smith . . . could be better . i wish i were more opinionionitive .
positive	i don't like prison films , but i made an exception for this one starring william holden and others . the scene where otto preminger puts on his cavalry boots to take the telephone call from berlin is priceless ! this flick still has some of that old thirties film noir flair .
positive	greatest horror saga of all time .
positive	one of my favorite movies of all time . well written , well acted , and the special effects were very good for the time .
positive	probably one of my all-time favorites . what amazing chemistry that the late john candy and steve martin exhibited in this film ! i was laughing my tail off every five minutes- there was never a dull moment . the two scenes that stick most in my mind is martin's rude comments to the lasy in the car rental center , only to recieve an equally rude you're f @ * % ! . i'm not too big a fan of the f word , but i thought that the way that martin used it was hilarious . and who can ever forget the best of them all : those aren't pillows ! . if you have not seen this , you don't know what your missing !
positive	it's a great movie !
positive	clints the man . what a tough dude .
negative	it just did not compare to my standard for great science fiction movies . it had a lot of forced dialog , which is always annoying , and it had lost the excitement and heroism of the first movie . it felt as if lucas cared more about presenting his hindu idealogy than about creating a great movie . i like science fictions that have more intellectual value , not ridiculous child play to the tune of eastern religeons .
negative	this is where it all started . meg ryan the cheater ! ! i have no respect for any person that can't keep her pant's up while she or he is away from the family ! ! !
negative	way too dark to be enjoyable .
negative	the title says it all . the characters have no motives or personality .
positive	i loved this movie . it does a great job of showing what life was like in the jewish communities of russia in the 1800's . it is both humorous and dramatic .
positive	breakfast at tiffany's- a timeless classic , the goddess audrey at her finest .
positive	one of the greatest films of all time . so entrenched in our society that we forget it's a movie . but it is , an important one to our society and culture . also , dark side of the moon goes along with it . and that's awesome .
negative	i hated it . it sucked dick . i really hated it . i liked it when they had sex . i liked a lot of the crazy stuff .
negative	it made me nauseous and nothing ever happened . it was horrible
positive	perry mason ( raymond burr ) is better as a bad guy .
positive	scared the hell out me !
negative	i love the nfl and i thought this movie did a horrible job of trying to deplict the life in the nfl . it was demeaning to the intelligence of both the fans and the players .
positive	this is my new fave movie . it's soooooo awesome . only one word describes it awesomness juila stiles and sean were awesome together ! it just makes me wanna get up and dance around ! ! ! ! ! ! its totally the best movie !
positive	what a wonderful family movie . i saw this for the first time almost 20 years ago in one of those huge theaters they used to have . a moving , funny , story about a boy and his friedship with an extra terrestrial . who is named e . t . the three children in the family try to keep e . t . a secret . after a short while e . t . wants to go home . so the kids try to find a way for him to communicate with his planet . of course when they find that way the public finds out about e . t . and tries to take him so they can experiment on him . the kids and friends have to find a way to rescue e . t . and get him to the ship . this is just a real feel good movie about the friendship between e . t . and elliot . all the kid actors are good . drew barrymore was adorable . this movie had me laughing . and crying . a well done movie .
positive	the original , a classic ! i remember the first time i saw to fly as a kid at the national air and space museum in washington d . c . walking into the theater and seeing that awesomely huge screen , literally holding onto my seat as my eyes were flooded with scenes of the world as seen from above . feeling like i was flying with the birds . i will never forget how that felt .
positive	i saw it at the age of 11 . . . . i cried , i loved it . what 11 year old cries when watching a movie . . . . . one that is truely moved by the story line .
positive	possibly the best movie eddie murphy ever made . who wouldn't want to hang out with billy ray valentine ? whisky . . . all you want !
positive	classic - watch it over on tape / dvd - better than ratings support
negative	when you've run out of so many stupid ideas for sequels that you actually have to take a camp killer into outer space , perhaps it's time to end the series .
positive	kubrick seems to be very good at suspense , and the mental torture of the characters is fantastic . the scene that always sticks in my mind is when you have the huge wave of blood crashing down the corridor . an excellent film with brilliant acting .
negative	this is the worst movie i've ever seen ! ! ! the only part that was funny in the movie was when he sarcastically said that a leaf would attack him . i can't believed i wasted 12 bucks ( half for me and half for my date ) to see this movie ! ! don't watch it unless your under 10 years old ! ay !
negative	unlike the novel by bret easton ellis , which is one of the best pieces of literature ever written by man , this movie was so horrible . i know this movie was not meant to have deep meaning to it , but it could have been close to the book , which it obviously was not . any true bret easton fan could tell you this . i don't think any of his books have been made into great movies to date , except for maybe less than zero . i do not recommend this waste of space to anyone . : (
positive	i know it has doctrinal points that differ from mine , but i don't expect doctrinal perfection from a movie . i liked the passion because it was powerful and moving . mel gibson put a lot of money and effort into this movie , and i'm glad he did . i went away with a renewed appreciation for the suffering and humiliation that jesus endured on my behalf . great movie , mel .
positive	great movie . almost made me cry . the d-day part was pretty sad .
positive	it was like psycho meets silence of the lambs
positive	best action flick ever , especially when it was released seen this movie so many times my old vhs tape literally wore out ( no word of a lie )
positive	this movie was butta ! ! ! it is one of the very best movies i've seen . one reason is because they showed the problems between whites and blacks together .
positive	spy kids was a great family movie , i would call it a james bond junior . most of the movies we end up taking our kids to have little or no parent entertainment value . for a family movie , it had a good mixture of effects , plot , action , suspense , and humor to keep kids and parents involved . the kids did not jump up to go to the bathroom even once , now that says a lot for a movie .
positive	well directed with a strange atmosphere . the actors were great and the dialogue was excellent .
positive	another outstanding performance by danzel washington , oscar should have been his this year .
positive	best of the three by far . absolutely beautiful photography , lovely story , and i like that he put arwen on the horse in the river , even though that wasn't in the book .
positive	one of the best movies i ve ever seen ! i cried twice , i doesn t often cry when i see a movie ( ok , when i was little yes , but not in an age of 17 ) ! i also liked the future design , all thought i thought some things was a little unrealistic ( like flying cars . . . what i liked was the clothes , the arcitecture , the human realations . . . ojal las proximas generaciones tienen tan bueno gusto ! really fantastic playing from a lot of actors actrisses , not only robin williams ! : - ) ) ( from a person that usually hates sci-fi )
positive	a winner . traffic is not for the faint of heart . you'll be on the edge of your seat from beginning to end as the story unfolds . who's a good guy ? who's a bad guy ? who can you trust ? will we ever see a supporting actor do a better job than benicio del toro ? who dangerous is the drug trade ? who's shielded from it ? if you've ever been a user , you should see this movie . if you've ever known a user , you should see this movie . if you've ever had a child , or think you might ever have a child , you should see this movie . and , make sure you know who you can trust .
positive	great great movie . very funny .
negative	i thought that meet the parents was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . i didn't care about the characters at all . we never got to fully understand ben his fiance's relationship , therefore not caring whether they got through this obstacle of meeting her parents . it wasn't funny . i was so bored and annoyed with the movie , i was actually looking away from the screen . i understand how nerve racking it is meeting significant others parents , but this was just too ridiculous . i do have a sense of humor and i do like stupid entertaining movies but this was just stupid . i thought it was horrible . the movie was so predictable so it took away from the funny parts since you knew what was coming up . i thought ben stiller was good . his fiance was not . robert deniro used to be great , he was okay in this movie . this movie just rubbed me the wrong way and i ended up walking out with 15 minutes left . didn't i want to see whether they get back together ? well , no . i didn't care at all . i also knew that they would since the movie was so predictable . i thought about it after i walked out to see if i was too harsh . . . . but i really didn't like the movie .
positive	one of the more funny modern non-disney comedy movies that i have recently seen , this one is great with the antics of chris rock and the sometimes-deadpan , sometimes over-the-top comedic timing of jackie chan . although not as good as the jackie chan cartoon , jackie chan adventures , it is still a good movie with lots of funny dialogue and fight scenes . i wish they hadn't used bad language , however .
negative	good movie for about 5 minutes during the introduction . goes downhill from there . saw it for free and still feel cheated .
positive	still the best giant monster movie even with the dubbing and cut footage from the original 1954 japanese version . raymond burr is quite good in this american version , it was the first movie to scare me as a kid and at the same time enthrall . i can still watch it over and over even today at 31 years old and get the same feelings it gave me back when i saw it at 8 .
positive	lol don't be stupid , be a smarty , come and join the nazis party . a hippie hitler . some funny sh * t
positive	despite the sometimes slow-moving pace of the film , i really thought that this was one hell of a thriller . it was not really scary , just very suspenseful and thrilling . i thought that the musical score was perfect for the film , and just made it all the more suspenseful . yes , some parts in the middle dragged on , but in the end , it was well worth the wait . it became predictable in the last 45 minutes of the film , but i never expected quite the ending that this film provided . i have never watched a scene in recent times quite like the love scene when pfeiffer's character discovers that her husband ( ford ) was cheating on her with a student . fine acting jobs by both michelle pfeiffer and harrison ford , espescially ford , who truly showed his range as an actor , playing a vey different role than the good guy roles that he is accustomed to . he truly showed darkness both through his facial expressions and words at the end of the movie- his character just turned stone cold at the end : no emotion . this film had it all : suspense , a great plot , great acting , a great musical score and an eerie feeling that reminded me so much of psycho . i'd reccomend it to anyone who is looking for a film that even remotely resembles the work of hitchcock .
negative	how can they call this a comedy ? i don't think i laughed one time . sure wayne and garth were funny on snl but the movie is horrible .
negative	john " revolting " outdid himself here in trying to put some oomph in his scientology beliefs . this film is really awful , but you should watch it at least in part to get the flavor of the hilarious nature of scientology beliefs .
positive	this is a wonderful movie ! !
positive	a great and funny movie .
positive	using the original sets from the classic universal frankenstein movies , gene wilder as frederick frankenstein ( " that's fronkensteen . " ) creates his monster with the aid of his sexy blonde lab assistant inga ( teri garr ) , and his bumbling , bug-eyed , hunchback igor ( marty feldman . ) mel brooks' was huge in the year 1974 as he released his two most noted films 'young frankenstein' and 'balzing saddles' to the delight of comedy fans everywhere . here he parodies the original 'frankenstein' , 'the bride of frankenstein' , 'son of frankenstein' , and 'the house of frankenstein' with a few musical comedy numbers thrown in for good measure . madeline kahn , kenneth mars , and gene hackman provide a series of hilarious send-ups as elizabeth , ( frederick's fiance ) police inspector kemp , and the blind man , while peter boyle uses grunts , growls , and facial expressions to breathe life into his portrayal of " the monster . " wilder is his usual sometimes calm , sometimes exasperated self as he attempts to interact with this group of crazies and use his genius to carry on with his famous relative's work . cloris leachman is a laugh riot as the former girlfriend of the senior frankenstein and current housekeeper for the castle . one of the best comedies of all time and well worthy of it's lofty rating among the entries here . do yourself a huge favor and see view this film . you might pick up a copy of 'blazing saddles' and make it a double-feature .
negative	it sucked a fat one
positive	a real classic movie . would have liked to see a sequal made .
positive	definitely hysterical .
positive	awsome , i can't say any more . a modern classic
positive	obviously since this is a mainstream family movie i was skeptical about jack blacks ability to be entertaining without black swearing like a drunk sailor to communicate his disillusionment with the establishment . however , one wonders , where does disillusionment with authority ( or as black puts it the man ) begin ? in school of course . so therefore who better to teach a bunch of impressionable youngsters to question the hegemony of the man then jack black , who is keen to wildly instill a sense of rebellion as he turns his class into a fully fledged rock band . as always , black pretty much plays himself but with a sensitive tinge when he consoles the various rock and roll acolytes when they doubt themselves . to me this is more than just a feel-good comedy with a stadium rock twist ( which it's pretty good at ) but it's a modern day parable about how children and adults alike have forgotten their dreams , forgotten how to have fun and forgotten even how to rebel ( this is shown in how the flamboyant and wild metal bands of old which black touts are unknown to the children and repressed by the adults ) . this film is cleverly analogous of how modern day rockers have forgotten the purpose of rock and roll ( his students suggest the point of rock and roll is to score chicks or to get loaded ) . this film curiously embodies the true spirit of rock better then most music videos ever could in that it shows the characters are able to once again forget their inhibitions , question authority , express themselves and ultimately stick it to the man because that , my friends , is what rock is all about .
positive	what's my tatoo say ? dude . . . no tell me what it says ! dude ! what's mine say ? sweet what does it say ? sweet dude ! sweet dude sweet
positive	one of the funniest yet heartfelt films i've seen in a long time . keaton and nicholson are terrific !
positive	when you read the plot and read what the movie is about , it sounds completely stupid . but if your patient enough and give it a chance , you'll find out that it is a very funny movie . sigourney weaver is extremely beautiful in this movie ( which is probably the reason i really liked the movie ) . tim allen's acting was well done .
positive	a great movie to scare the crap out of anyone .
positive	this movie was really good . and even more , the special effects were excellent . especially the scene with all the tornadoes in los angeles . this movie was cool , but i'll admit , it did scare me .
positive	i think this movie was the best movie of the year .
positive	great actors great story . . . can't go wrong !
positive	this is a very good movie with very meaningful morals i am glad they covered . it covers the meaning of freindship and what true beauty is . it also gets the point across that disney movies are lame . shrek has enough crassness to be concedered modern , but also has enough wonderful messages to convey and original ways to convey them that it is ahead of its time . remember beauty and the beast ? how the beast turned into a handsome ( by most peoples standards ) at the end ? expect none of that in this film . love can come from inside from your heart and it doesn't matter what the other person looks like . this film actually made me tear up in a couple spots . i also laughed my arse off in some parts . alot of parts come to think of it . this movie is great for all ages . and i mean that . i think some jokes could be over some kids heads . but you know youth today . they have all that crap on t . v . and porn on the internet , i am sure they'll get most of them . a great film about the power of love and friendship . highly recommended . good date movie .
negative	this movie was so cliched and predictable that i found myself crying and laughing with insanity at the same time from the stupidity
negative	awful movie with a screwed up history , lots & lots of errors , mel gibson ( william wallace ) would have been 350 years old with this hollywood boloney . . . .
negative	this was ok the first 529 times i watched it , but after that , it got kinda boring . anyway , now that i am grown up , i prefer more serious movies , like hellraiser iii .
positive	a great movie . . . gained new respect for nicolson . . . . it tugged at a lot of emotions . . . . dealt with issues people my age face . .
positive	eisenstein's legendary silent milestone- possibly the single most important and influential film in the development of cinema as an art form . depicting the 1905 mutiny by a disgruntled battleship crew , joined in revolt by the civilian populace against a brutal tsarist regime , the film goes far beyond political propaganda . with its masterful symphonic structure , prodigious choreography and above all the dynamic and suitably revolutionary montage editing ( peaking in the celebrated odessa steps sequence ) it remains a highly impressive accomplishment . strike ( brilliant also ) , october , alexander nevsky ( stunning black and white cinematography ) and ivan the terrible 1 and 2 ( daring , operatic style ) are other eisenstein classics worth seeing .
positive	a classic court drama , and tom hanks was perfect .
positive	direct , simple western ; but a great political film at the same time , one of the best in timing in all the history of cinema ( it happens in real time .
positive	almost everything you could ask for .
positive	kate hudson is very funny i liked it i really thought it was funny .
positive	this movie gives a wonderful new spin on the idea of improvization . the witty lines and amazing ability to sing brings out a tun of laughs . . . this is a must see . . . eugene levy is amazing and so it katherine o'hara . . . the whole cast used their unique acting abilities to create a wonderful master piece thank to you all
positive	enter the dragon is the best bruce lee flick ever made .
positive	this is the perfect scifi movie . it's funny as hell and features an all star lineup : bill paxton , sigourney weaver , and that one dude .
negative	pathetic
positive	crazy , crazy movie . i still hate cgi . the story is very quiet , and beautiful , despite the hellraising action scenes . i think i'm in love with the main character . i was afraid to see it , because i don't want to get sucked back into the world of video games ( this movie is based on one ) but i'm glad i rented it . donald sutherland's gentleness , power , and intelligence were perfectly cast in his role . alec baldwin brings his usual smarmy blend of machismo and whining . the tone is relentlessly dark , but the movie's filled with hope , and nobility . if this had been live action , it would be considered one of the best sci fi films of all time , but it's a landmark for the medium . strongly recommended .
positive	scandalous , heretical , and absolutely hilarious . john cleese's turn as the centurian correcting brian's latin is priceless .
negative	the absolute pits in horror movies . not one good comment about this no-brainer !
positive	awesome movie ! harrison ford and tommy lee jones were great !
positive	i don't care how much is incorrect , this was a great movie !
positive	a truly uproarious slapstick comedy from the late 50s , some like it hot provides humor on all ends of the spectrum , but is never really dirty ! from physical slapstick , verbal jokes , subtle flirt humor and ridicoulous situations . it would be almost impossible not to laugh at least once during this classic !
positive	i was very suprised at how well this movie did scare me . even to this day , it is creepy scary . i loved it and try to watch it every halloween . good !
positive	this movie will blow your mind . it will scare the living crap out of you and there is some dark mystery to some of the dialogue that you may not catch the first time ; it will surprise you . david lynch is a genius and dennis hopper will freak you out ! it's an experience !
negative	pure cut and paste . i thought documentaries were based on fact . a look into the mind of the hollywood left . they see the world as a big picture that is to be directed to their taste . even sadder are the mindless zombies who believe and base their arguments on this garbage .
positive	one of the most underrated movies of the year . could have been a little smarter in certain parts , but a lot of fun .
positive	stand by me is a great movie because each character is developed so well . we really get to know the boys and to empathize with their experiences . even though my childhood was very different from any of those characters , i felt that i was able to understand what they were going through .
positive	the credit showed early to be given when it is due . mr . smith did it again . this movie blew up the charts and rightly so . the presence of one vivica fox certainly didn't hurt . but the role of such major proportion being played by an african american was also a big deal by all accounts . this movie certainly gets a two thumbs up .
negative	writer eric kripke is a hack .
positive	without a doubt american pie is the best comedy of the '90's . it brought back that '80's sense of humor like in porky's . i loved it .
positive	this is the greatest horror film . it was weird and devilish . anytime you have devil like movies it freaks me out . i had to stop the videotape when i got scared .
positive	the perfect conclusion to the perfect martial arts film , kill bill vol . 1 .
positive	although not as powerful as the original 3 movies , lucas does a great job with the special effects and scenery in this movie . the landscape , not to mention natalie portman , are beautiful . all the other cast members , liam nesson , ewan mcgregor , and ray parks are perfectly casted . jar jar binks however , deserves to die .
positive	talk about a great movie , this is the one . if you've never cried or laughed in a movie then this is the one for you . it gave me a better understanding of how afro-americans were treated back then . it gave me a whole new outlook .
positive	wonderful drawings . i love the story , and the characters are more interesting and touching than some human beings . i also like the siamese cats .
positive	cameron diaz is so sweet sexy ! amazing movie ! : o )
positive	the film is so sweet ! i like it so much . . it gives me so much love and so i feel not so lonely . the sexy body patrick swayze * g *
positive	i now enjoy watching older films to experience a different way of life . refreshing . this film is exceptional with a wicked cast including the superb donna reed ( criminally underrated actress and as charming and sexy as ever ) an excellent montgomery clift and a very funny guy in sinatra . when the film concentrates on this trio it is a great example of hollywood cinema at its most accomplished , unfortunately burt lancaster and deborah kerr also star in this . no offense , lancaster is an adequate actor but he pulls off his lines with overwhelming hamminess and woodeness , which doesn't help when his character dialogue is so cheap and dated . kerr is a great actress and does her best but her lines are terrible also . those not used to films from the golden era may find this unintentionally hilarious to put it bluntly , but fortunately their little affair does not take up the majority of the film ( and that music is so annoying ) . from here to eternity is not on the film same scale or spectacle as the cr @ p pearl harbour with affleck et al , lacking its action and explosions and explosions , but it is exquisite film making and you really do feel for the characters ( lancaster and kerr not included ) . see this forgotten gem and get ready for one of the great films of the 50s . or just see it for donna reeds and monty clifts spectacular performances .
negative	pierce brosnan should stick to remmington steel because james bond was finished when sean connery finished . you are right , to world is not enough for . . . . me to poop on .
positive	this is one of those classical movies that unfortunately will never die . for a film of its time ( 1939 ) the wizard of oz boasts magnificent scenery , costumes , script , colourful characters and memorable songs . its one of the most popular holiday films and like it or not for people to remember it for many generations after its original release date are already speaking volumes of how popular this film truly is .
positive	for people who don't like billy madison that's assault , bruther . they picked the right actor for the job ( adam sandler ) the fat kid from the third grade me laugh .
positive	an absolute classic . who doesn't get goosebumps during those training scene when that song starts playing , and sly puts on his game face , and the blue collar residents of philadelphia rally around him . i mean come on , this is what the movies are all about .
positive	after watching this empowering film you will probably catch yourself whistling to elmer bernstein's theme to the movie .
negative	tuna and i agree that you should avoid this movie at all cost ! ! ! the dramatic moment was the execution and suicide . however the halle / billy bob plot wasn't exciting . they break up . they kiss . blah blah . i also love the writers for killing off the kid so his mother can have more sex with the old man . ( sarcasm ) .
positive	i was completely blown away on several levels by this hitchcock classic the first time i saw it many years ago . though he was an undeniably eclectic actor who brought to life characters from george bailey to elwood p . dowd and everything in between during his long career , this part still seemed fairly offbeat for jimmy stewart . yet , per usual he did an excellent job giving us one very confused individual who embodied all the internal fear , sexual tension and repression that seems to be the underlying theme in so many hitchcock thrillers . kim novak may have lacked stewart's range overall but was still a very good choice for her role as well . she conveyed just the right combination of beauty and eccentric mental ambiguity to make her character both an integral part of the story and fascinating love interest for stewart's scottie ferguson . this is an excellent classic film that will challenge your intellect as well as keep you on the edge of your seat .
positive	anyone who has rated this movie lower than a 4 is just jealous of eminem . i am not an eminem fan , never have been . i stepped outside of the box though and looked at this movie from a movie lovers stand point . it has a great plot . eminem screams talent when he is acting . i thought it was gonna flop like a fish . boy was i ever wrong ! ! !
negative	waste of time . good thing i didnt pay for that movie . only good thing that came out of the movie was julianne moore , shes somthing to look at .
positive	one of the best movies of all time . the scene where the terminator is in a bathroom cutting his eye is pretty bad , but that is the only thing i dislike about this great film . if you don't like roller coaster rides and great one-liners , stay clear of this one .
positive	jimmy fallon + queen latifah = 1 funny movie
positive	i thought this movie was intelligent , funny , and i highly recommend it . the story was completely original . when i went to the theater to see it , i had no idea what to expect . i didn't even know who john malkovich was until i saw his face . when i left the theater , i was shocked at what the movie had ended up being about . it was great . it was a bizarre movie , no doubt , but in a thought provoking way . i don't know how anyone can say that there is poor acting . did you even recognize cameron diaz ? i think it is great that she took the role even though she wasn't playing a beauty queen . the whole movie blew me away .
positive	a classic and scary
positive	i think farley was one of the funniest guys in the world and this film proves it . the best ones always die too soon . . .
positive	this movie was great ! it was very realistic and touching .
positive	oh spiderman . such a wonderful movie . great graphics . i want to fly like that . tobey maguire , kiersten dunst , they all did really really well . this had to have been a hard movie to make . all the technology that was put into it . but it was worth it . can't wait for spiderman 2 ! * whispers with great power comes great responsibility *
positive	this is the best movie disney did along with lion king . i have seen it 50 times and love all the songs . the best disney movies 1 . little mermaid 2 . lion kind and aladian . . . a tie 3 . toy story2
positive	i liked this movie because it was hella funny . it managed to make fun of or incorporate all the scary movies and put it in one . it was also cool because all the funny stuff was totally unexpected .
negative	this movie is too stupid . it goes beyond stupid funny ( like jim carrey ) , and stops at horribly stupid funny .
positive	imho so far it's the best movie i've seen in cinemas in the year 2001 . true that it hasn't been a great year , but true also that this is a good film . good storyline , good script , wonderful acting ( jude law and ed harris ) , good score .
negative	booooorrrrrriiiiinnnnnggggg ! ! ! ! !
negative	it was corny [ beans make you fart - come on ! ] is this funny ?
positive	a wonderful movie . it really has two plots in one . roberto benigni { sp ? } is terrific as a jewish man who in the first half of the movie fall in love and pursues the woman of dreams . the tactics he takes to win her over are funny and romantic . coming in to her classroom pretending to be an inspector , following her to the theater and taking her for a ride . etc . meanwhile the horror of the holocaust is closing in on them and getting worse . the second half of the movie is when they are married and have an adorable five year old boy . robertos character and his wife and son are taken to the concentration camp . the boy and dad are together . to keep joshua from the horrors of what is really going on he invents a game for the boy to win a tank . this movie has some comedy . but it is shows the sacrifice the dad makes for his boy to get him through this horrific experience .
negative	love stephen king , hate this book and movie !
negative	man , do i hate this movie . okay , so it was a little funny , but the story and voices were complete crap .
positive	i just saw the real eileen wournos on an hbo documentary . the physical resemblence that charlize theron had to the serial killer was frighteningly remarkable and her on-screen performance was worthy of an oscar . halle berry could take a lesson or two from her about oscar-worthy performances .
positive	so much better than the first part .
positive	it was a good movie . the acting was great , and it was a good adaptation to the book . it's worth watching .
positive	i own it on dvd ! great movie . love helen hunt
positive	my personal favorite in the trilogy .
positive	this was one of the best movies ever made ! the dancing was great & the soundtrack was awesome .
negative	maybe they should have consulted a movie planner !
negative	the worst movie of all time !
negative	it's amazing this insignificant , low-budget piece of crap garnered the following it did , seeing that it's one of the worst films ever puked out by hollywood . starring unctuous p . swayze , a clubfooted hoofer in need of acting lessions and pinchfaced little trollop jennifer grey , nice body , honker and all . the best thing about this turkey is the fact that it takes place in the borscht belt , oy vey , which harkens back to childhood memories in my long-distant past . even the dancing , the supposed strong suit of this attempt at making a movie , was predictable and hardly impressive . what would have made this a better movie is if grey did about fifteen nude scenes : this would have kept me from nodding off every five minutes or so . cousin brucie morrow's favorite flick , and that tells you plenty .
positive	this movie was first class- i loved it ! anyone who hears about this film will shrug it off as a wishy washy child flick , but as soon as they watch it , they will love it ! it is a very moving story , almost as moving as remember the titans or the green mile , in which faith and hope emerge through a child in which everyone refuses to accept . and plus- it was one of the few serious films in which jim carrey played .
positive	catch me if you can was a very cool story . i thought it was very enjoyable with well developed characters .
positive	excellent special effects ! i can't wait for part iii !
positive	its a great movie if you don't take yourself too seriously . this is not a movie meant to awe you with the acting . it is a movie meant to make you smile and laugh . in that respect its a success .
positive	i think that the music in this movie was awesome , which is probably why it's a musical . nonetheless , the movie rocked .
negative	i was suprised to see cats and dogs even make it to the top 300 here . it was just very boring and dull .
positive	put the god damn dog in the bucket ! that creepy cross dressing naked pee pee hiding man still enters my nightmares once in a while . i think this is the most frightening psychological thriller i have ever seen . strangely , i started to like hannibal and the demented relationship that he was creating with agent starling . i may be sick . but this is a classic that you can watch over again and still be freaked out .
positive	i loved ghostbusters movies . . . lovely
positive	a very good movie about a man seemingly bent on his own destruction . good music movie . worth seeing but not for the very squeamish .
positive	hella tight , but too short
positive	believe it or not my mom made me watch this . i was like oh god but . . . it is probably the best film that the great jack has ever made . if i am not mistaken this was made in the late '60s . omg i can't believe a movie can be so funny yet serious . great ! ! !
negative	go away pierce brosnan /
positive	you better run cause big john rambo is on the loose and is pissed of at that hick town and the damn sheriff . watch out cause rambo has his own war and he didnt draw first blood . this is an excellent outdoor film that makes you thirsty for revenge and blood . stallone should have won an oscar , best movie of that year as well . " he drew first blood ! ! ! "
negative	why even have this on the list . it's a zero !
negative	wait a minute . . . . this is supposed to be a comedy ? i didn't laugh a single time throughout this movie . in fact , i don't think any of the others i was with did either . the actual film it took to make this movie would have been better spent taping me scratch myself . who produces this kind of trash ?
positive	my name is dave . the first time i ever saw 2001 i was with my friend david h and dave k . i was trying acid for the first time , but they had it before . as soon as hal started saying , what are you doing dave ? we all started freaking out . it was great .
positive	good cartoon .
positive	it's amazing how they have sort of the big brother theme , where they are taping truman's life into a 24 / 7 tv show . it was really an intriguing movie .
positive	harmless and entertaining fare . i enjoyed it and thought it re-watchable enough to have tuned in more than once when i would see it popup in the tv listings . christopher lloyd does his usual excellent job as a bumbling , absent-minded professor not too far removed from the just as goofy reverend jim from his taxi days . michael j . fox doing some of his better film work if this guy had been born 10 years sooner he d have been a disney film regular he just has the face , voice and personality for it . the story was fairly unique and presented in a lighthearted amusing way . i loved the way the family kept fading away when things went wrong in the past . the sequels weren t hideous , but , as sequels often do , got lamer as time went by . overall , i think it has held up well over the years and is still a fun flick for the entire family .
positive	this movies was amazing . sorry kids , but this is no teenie bopper horror flick with jenifer love hewitt , this is accually a thought provoking movie . is the blair witch realy behind the murders , or was the tour group just in mass hysteria ? that is the question brought up here . i think that this movie tackles the issue of the dangers in believing in movies , the dangers of blurring the lines between fiction and reality . i thought the movie had great ensamble cast of young actors who hadn't been revealed yet , and the movie was very well directed although i watched the movie with commentary by joe berlinger and i wish the studio hadn't messed with it , but even through that it was an unbelievable movie . this movie is creepy as hell too , not while your watching , but when you go home and start thinking of all the freaky stuff that manifested itself throughout the movie . i really admire joe for tackling the sequel at a completely different angle than the original . i think this movie only did bad because people wanted it to . i recomend that those who have not seen it , see it , and for those who hated it , give it another chance through my perspective .
positive	a love this movie it is so funny and what to say about the song of penis
positive	if only i were as lucky as mr . bueller when it came to skipping class : ( . this movie is cute and funny and good for a laugh . i'd recommend it to anyone !
positive	this was easily the best movie of the year for me-much better than green mile , or mr . ripley . . what a wonderful story , and what beautiful scenery-made me long for the northeast . i was engrossed form tyhe first minute , and left feeling emotionally fullfilled , but not drained .
negative	if , like tarantino , you find humour in murder and torture then you're one sick mutha who needs pyschiatric help pronto . why this film has become so iconic i dont know . it's cretinous rubbish .
negative	i thought the stale nachos from the theater concession were the best part of this movie . it was a long drawn out film that never took the time to really develop any of the characters -- not even andy . and courtney love the actor -- someone please get me another stale snack !
positive	word to the wise , if you see christopher lee wearing one of cher's old wigs start running . and britt ekland is the most underrated actress of our time . even if they had to dub her .
positive	one of kevin spacey's best roles ever . a movie that can keep me guessing the entire way through must be an amazing film . this is one of them .
positive	very cool . about our relationship with our work and our need for self-discipline in it . also entertaining .
positive	french genius in every frame . magnifique !
positive	great acting , unpredictable , outstanding plot , a knockout ending . this is a must see movie .
positive	worst movie ever . loved it .
positive	this is one of the best movies i have ever seen , let alone horror movies . i have watched this movie so many times i have memorized almost every line . but the one thing that makes me want to watch the movie over and over again is jack nicholson . . . his expressions are hilarious ! his acting is second-to-none . . . one of my favorite actors . this movie proves that a horror movie doesn't have to have blood and guts and all that other good stuff to be scary . i think the idea of being locked in a hotel with my lunatic father who was going to murder me and my mother with an ax and chop us into little pieces is scary enough . this movie is outstanding and i believe it is not only the best horror film of all-time , but also one of the best movies of all-time .
positive	a great book because it keeps your interest all the way through ( kinda' like not having to put down the book ) . it deals with society's views about race and discrimination from a child's point of view .
positive	this movie scared the hell out of me . seriously .
positive	you've probably read the synopsis of the movie from the marquis , but what it doesn't say is that this is a fantasy adventure . it smacks of the darkest tales of the brothers grimm , and preaches the lesson that innocent children will prevail over thoroughly evil adults . okay , so they have some help from a fairy godmother , but they win and harry powell is shown to be the coward that we all knew him to be . laughton directed this tale with all the elements of fairy tales , with a dash of berthold brecht's german theater . was it art ? sure ! did it go over the heads of american audiences in 1959 ? you bet ! if you can get into the mood of the film , you'll enjoy every scene . this deserves a second look .
negative	no ! . . . no ! . . a thousand times no ! tupac is the busiest dead m * * * * * f * * * * * that i know . what ever happened to taking a 'final' rest ?
positive	i nearly peed my pants ! it is so funny . whoope goldberg is a gem .
positive	one great film . my favorite borgart performance . if you like bogie , you'll love this film !
positive	i'm going to punch you in the ovaries . will ferrel is hilarious and this movie is great . it did feel slow at points , but it was worth it to sit through those parts . i don't think i have ever laughed as hard in a theater as i did during the big fight scene . brick you killed a man .
positive	just happened to be on tv this evening . always knew it was considered a powerful movie , but never actually watched it before . watching it , i have to say it's the most touching piece of cinema i've seen since schindler's list . my first impression was : you know s * * t like that's happening in iraq right now . the second was : this should be required viewing for any soldier setting foot there .
negative	one of the stupidest and least scary horror movies i've ever seen . it was almost as bad at battlefield earth .
positive	a fun and charming movie .
positive	one of my all time favorite movies !
positive	the first mith coming directly from the films without a literature origin and in its first version it was the most human carachter in an animation protagonist .
positive	the best bond movie ever . i loved it .
positive	it really depicted , brilliantly , the innocence and the human side of the fab four . this has got to be the most underrated music movie / documentary of all time .
positive	i feel pretty , o so pretty , i feel pretty , & witty , & gay !
positive	action packed all the way . great acting . not quite perfect though .
positive	monthy pyton takes the price ! is there any better comedians than them ? hey ! watch out for the killer rabbit ! ! ! = )
positive	groundhog day is one of my top ten movies of all time ( even though my top ten list has many more than ten movies )
positive	i was dumbfounded when annette benning did not win an oscar .
positive	liz taylor and richard burton rip through the script and each other in a loud and messy movie . great stuff . you have to wonder if george and martha's relationship didn't mirror their own to some extent .
negative	drugs aren't funny unless the morons using them get arrested !
positive	although i'm scratching my head at the pg-13 rating for this tame movie , i must say i enjoyed it throughly ( to my surprise , both my parents enjoyed it as well ! ) . as a fan of the cartoon series ( i had never seen the first movie ) , i was not dissappointed . big aliens , hilarious banter and pop references ( from star trek to the weather channel ) are just awesome . plus , on the dvd , the blooper reel rocks ! highly recommended !
positive	even though i beleive this movie is a 4 , i give it a five to balance out those who disliked it , thus bolstering the grade a little bit . : ) i thought it was fairly interesting concept that was somewhat predictable . i liked the idea that would prove that innocent men and women get put to death each year by the state and how that really doesn't matter to those who are in charge . there was many anarchist measages in the movie which i found pleasing . ( by this i mean real anarchist , not the stuff those in charge like to scare little kids with ) most people i don't think picked up on that as well . enough with the praise , now for what i didn't like . kate seemed to breka into tears every few seconds even though the first time was really understandable . the character of david gale started off as some one you could almost like , but then he slips into blandhood which means by the end you really almost don't care what happens to him . this i chalk up to bad writting because kevin does a good job of trying to save the heart of the character .
negative	its stupid . if your wanna see this , why not rent a couple more movies that suck like the blair witch or maybe ticks .
positive	adventure , religion , nazis being vaporized , serpants , cryptology . . . this movie inspired me on so many levels .
positive	such a cute movie brought forth that whole spagetti thing i wanted to rent it for my daughter but it was rented out . . .
positive	wicked !
positive	i love this movie so much . i have collectibles from this movie and of course robert zemeckis is one of my favorite directors . i have yet to meet a person who doesn't like to watch this movie . this movie is awsome .
positive	i really liked this movie . mike myers did an awesome job ! this movie was sheer brilliance .
positive	this was better than the original version . much more information ! ! ! and totally hilarious ! ! ! i loved it ! ! !
positive	love eva mendez
positive	i thought the movie was going to be boring , but it was great ! legolas is so so so so so so so hoooottttt ! ! ! !
positive	a very offbeat comedy that offends just about everybody . taking place in the 60s or 70s ( when it was filmed ) , it's about an advertising agency with a token black guy on the board of directors . when the head guy dies and they have to select a new ceo , everybody votes for the black guy assuming that nobody else will and therefor they won't be giving a vote likely to offer them competition . he takes over and in his first speech says , " i just want you to know , i'm not here to rock the boat . i'm here to sink the f----er ! " the ads they produce thereafter are hilarious !
positive	i liked this movie a great deal . i used to watch it all the time . however , it is a shame that belushi is dead and that akroyd is old and fat . by the way danny , i loved your work in my stepmom is an alien .
positive	loved it ! ! a laff riot ! ! ! ! !
positive	thought it was very well written and i believe a lot of these things can happen in real life , so that made it extremely thought-provoking as well as frightening . actors were great - linda blair's best role and ellen burstyn is always the best .
negative	this was the worst movie ever made ! ! it was a waste of money and a waste of hype . the whole idea of not giving the actors a script is ridiculous . if there is no script , then how can any story be told . in my opinion , this movie was a waste of my time and $ 7 . 00 .
negative	just to tell you how much i hate harry potter / the movie / the books , i wish there was something less than 1 star ! ! ! i wish i could give it like a 1 / 18 of a star . i hate him ! people are getting too excited about this guy that does magic ! !
positive	best bond movie in years .
positive	elvis is the king and anything with him in it gets a 5 from me
positive	this is generally considered the best movie ever made .
positive	this is the best action thriller movie . if you are into bloody battles and heroes watch this movie .
positive	my favorite fonda movie . great cast , great acting . funny , interesting , and dramatic . actors of today couldn't get it done in a remake .
positive	a truly crazy movie that had me both going what ! ? ! and laughing at the same time . the way they played with words was the best , and i never get tired of this one .
positive	stanley kubrick is great . this movie is weird but it was great
positive	so rocked ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	this flick is the best of the lot . it establishes the genre . now i'll admit that the first sequel or two weren't that bad , but overall this was the climax of the entire gaggle six movies . the last three were indifferent to stinker .
positive	pure action . the best vampire movie ever . action , love , supense , and very original . could have been a team called blade .
positive	still makes me laugh 'til i cry . christopher guest is a comic genius . all of his movies are comedy classics .
positive	satire at it's best .
positive	alex -- ahhh . . .
positive	this is one of the best and most memorable of the older disney animated feature length films . i still go completely misty when i see the part about bambi's mother . the voice of thumper is one of the cutest ever used in an animated film . a must-have for any disney film collector .
positive	the only good thing to come from the star trek universe since the tribble .
positive	fast paced thriller . did great justice to the old tv show .
positive	i personally love this movie . as a child it was the first disney film i watched all the way through , and i still love it today !
positive	this is one of speilburg's best films and it has a great cast . the editing for this film is amazing . especially when you have brodie sitting on teh beach looking out to sea to make sure that its safe and you have people walking past in their different coloured bathing suits and that determines how close the shot is on brodie . richard drefuss is amazing as usual , especially when him and brodie are trying to convince the mayor that the beach should be closed as there was definately a great white in the waters and the mayor makes a comment about him and he starts laughing . this film has the suspense element done to perfection , especially with that famous music signature . its a shame that they ruined it by doing all the other jaws movies .
positive	a misunderstood film . this story is based on an old chinese tale . . . yes , the flying is something you have to look past but our legendary tale of paul revere is just as fictional . cthd is one of most beautifully shot films i have ever seen . incredible cinematography , decent acting , terrific fight scenes . but it is simply a beautiful film to watch- the scenery , the costumes , the locations are just phenomenal .
positive	this is one of my favorite movies of all time . mel's performace is top notch here and the cinematography is breath taking . i agree that the battle scenes are spectacular and broke new ground . i want to add that the score to this film gives me goose bumps . it fits perfectly well with the scenes or just wonderfully as stand alone compositions . the music is just riveting . mel did a heck of a job telling this story .
positive	a great work of art by stephen king . brilliant , a masterpiece . very well written and thought out . the storyline is extremely tight & well constructed . this film should have won the oscar for best picture but unfortunately it came out the same year as forest grump . forest grump won the best picture oscar because it was oatmeal for the masses and could be digested easily . when i saw shawshank redemption in new york city you could hear a pin drop . that's how captivating a story it is . when the sadistic prison guard captain beat the new inmate to death the audience's eyes were glued to the moviescreen . the film speaks volumes about feelings of despair and hope . the count of monte cristo would have been proud of andy dufresne .
positive	it's a great feel--good movie . i can't wait until christmas time to see it again and again .
positive	rocky is a movie that can motivate even the most unmotivated person to succeed
negative	was this supposed to be overflowing with suspense ? * looks about * it's certainly overflowing with something , but suspense it is not .
positive	this movie surpassed the origional . i was quite impressed that it was not just a remake of the first one , as the entire setting and atmosphere changed . kevin mccallister's constant outsmarting of harry and marve was hilarious , even better than in the origional .
positive	overdone , over-acted , but what fun ! ! what will you do without freedom ? terrific action sequences . . . although where is the bridge in the battle of stirling bridge ? ! oh well , i don't want to be a spoil-sport and point out a few mistakes . a terrific movie .
positive	they use this script as part of the required text in screenwriting classes . 'nuf said .
positive	when i first watched the mash series , i was bored . but once you get into it , it is really good . the movie is no exception . it has a very happy ending .
positive	this is one of adam sandlers greatest yet and always will be to me . every scene remains clear in my mind and it still makes me laugh even though i'v eseen it years ago .
positive	one of the more actual scary mavies that has come out recently . honestly , how may horror movies actually scare you and make you jump ?
positive	martin scorcese and deniro are at it again with an almost hitchcock theme of terror . i believe both deserved the oscar and deniro made me want to root for the bad guy . juliette lewis is a hot lolita too .
positive	excellent movie ! ! !
positive	great movie , but i would file it under comedy ! ps : play the drinking game .
positive	one of the best comedies of all time
positive	my god . i don't think i have ever been so horrified by a film . one of the few times i have felt badly to be an american-the depiction of us standing idly by while this horror happened unnerved me .
positive	the special effects were really good . we got pretty dizzy .
positive	great camera angles and a great story , but can be a little slow at times .
positive	when i was a teenager our family first got cable tv in the early 80s and they would play this movie on hbo all the time . the scene where max's wife and child are killed gave me nightmares . the movie is an excellent story of a grief-stricken man getting revenge . the sequels were weaker and sunk deeper into far fetched science fiction and special effects .
positive	rob reiner hit it big when he directed stand by me , so he wanted to do a comedy that would entertain us . he spoofed fairy tales and stuff like that , and hit it lucky when he directed the princess bride . billy crystal was so , so funny as the elf , and fred savage was so cute in it .
negative	i liked it better the first time i saw it , when it was called brave heart . there were so many events in this movie that was a total copy of bh . it got to the point that i knew what was going to happen 20 minutes before it was even on screen . . . rip off .
positive	i think that this movie should be displayed more often in t . v . , people may actually change , i know i did .
negative	i thought it was awful . i don't understand what everyone was going all crazy for . it was really stupid , and a waste of time and money . there's really nothing to be scared about . it wasn't even a little bit frightening .
negative	[ just the sound of vomit ]
positive	one of the greatest dramas ever filmed . asuperb cast , fantastic story and great score . alec guiness as the crazed british colonel intent on showing british superiority over his captors by building a bridge that will harm the british war effort carries this movie . playing an american who escaped from the camp , william holden , turns in a stirling performance as the man who must destroy the bridge . a true masterpiece .
positive	this movie is great ! it has great special effects , for its time . absolutely a classic . this movie is awesome . really scary . i couldn't sleep that night ! i love all the gore !
positive	i have always been a fan of the alien saga and the second movie is simply wonderful . i was captivated by the first one and simply stunned by the second . i usually despise sequels , but this movie drew me in and held me tight to the very end . its my favorite , anyway . the traditional look of the aliens is held tightly throughout the movie and the new cast was wonderfully selected . i was also glad to know they kept the character ripley , who single handedly gave the move a kick butt feel . especially at the end , which i wont spoil for all who havent seen the movie . anyway , this is most definitely a head turner that should appeal to any fan of the first movie , or to anyone who can truly appreciate a good thrill ride of a motion picture .
positive	not for everybody . but for such a wonderful cast , and directed by tim burton this film to this very day is very under-recognized . it is my favorite film , i believe it stands above the rest and has a style and way of pulling the strings very well . pull the strings ! pull the strings !
negative	terrible terrible , o se habla espa ol , terrible . what kind of a name for a movie is that , clockwork orange . if i went to a movie theater watching this movie , i'd have to wear a paper bag over my head . nothing about this movie was interesting . i fell asleep , even though the theater was playing in surround sound .
negative	i spent most of the time trying to figure out what that piece of crap was and then i got bored and walked out .
negative	tediously unfunny scattershot comedy is a gross-out fest wasting all three of it's main actors . a bad rip-off of animal house with no merit .
positive	ok folks , it's not going to win an oscar and it's not going to be shown at the cannes film festival , but it is a great movie . piper perabo , who played the lead character violet has that aww shucks sexy girl next door look that you would either want for your daughter or girlfriend . the music was great and i personally like leann rimes who plays herself in this movie and does the actual singing . i like movies for their entertainment value . i want to sit down , relax and be entertained and this movie does that for me .
positive	one of the best horror movies i have seen in a very long time . i have seen it several times ( on cable ) & it never ceases to frighten . love it .
positive	this film is way better than the first one . it's really funny !
positive	this is one of those movies i did not want to see but was glad i did . a young man named rocky who is a boxer . is chosen to play against apollo creed a professional boxer . i loved the fact that this was a movie about the underdog . sylvester stallone was very good as rocky and he wisely showed the human side of rocky . with his dertimination to work out to be a good boxer . hs crush on a woman and his dating her . i found myelf realing caring about this character and rooting for him . a very well done movie .
positive	everybody remembers the famous line badges ? we don't need no stinking badges . the lesson , of course , is that greed is never good , and will wind up causing you to lose everything , and that's exactly what happens . not a completely satisfying ending , but i guess it had to be that way to get the point across .
positive	austin powers is full of laughs yeah baby ! !
positive	the best movie ever ! ! !
positive	a brilliantly written , beautifully filmed nasty story about a largely despicable man . not easy to watch , because it is hard to find someone to like , but it is a provoking , intelligent film .
positive	omg ! i went to the movies to see this movie . i thougt it was so scary . i seriously was like scared to look in my bathroom mirror for like a whole 2 weeks . i think michelle , whatever her last name is did a great job . . . i was like soooo shoked at the end . it was like whoa !
positive	experience charleston heston at his greatest when he utters the words , leave him alone , you damn dirty ape ! better than ben-hur , heston plays a marooned space captin confused about what planet he has landed on . the question is not where , but when . and with the creepy twilight zone ending , this movie rates 5 bananas !
positive	i am a bette davis fan , and this is without a doubt one of her finest films . she certainly was no beauty , but made up for that with pure unmatched talent in the roles she played . they just don't make em like they used too .
negative	when will these sugary old-farty musicals end ? please ! this movie is way too cheesy for my tastes . the singing made me ears hemmorhage ! bing crosby is a terrible singer and not good to look at . overall , this musical is as fun as anencephaly .
positive	one of the best movies ever !
positive	one of the all time greats ! the bicycle thief is a film you simply cannot help but enjoy , even if you're afraid of subtitles . the visuals are poignant , poetic and touching . the picture is also one of neorealism's crowning achievements ( and certainly desica's finest work ) . anything less than 5 stars would be a sin .
positive	forever quotable ! it's unbelievable that this 25 year-old comedy hasn't gotten stale . so many funny characters ( chase , dangerfield , knight , and of course murray ) . the story ( although uncomplicated ) is enough to join all of the hilarity together , but still allows all of the characters to be funny .
positive	the scarriest , therefore the best .
positive	fugitive was a good movie with a good plot . great acting job by the cast . the movie had nice getaways and action .
positive	james stewart is caught in the middle of an alfred hitchcock classic based in the bay area and san francisco bay . mr . stewart is a detective called upon to investigate a wealthy man's wife who has mysteriously died . mr . stewart , however , is caught up in a twisted plot of love and deception as the dead wife inexplicably reappears from time to time , and an even stranger love enters his life . highly recommended for those who enjoy a good plot twist and alfred hitchcock .
positive	hands down the most horrifying and convincing movie of all time . the acting was superb by both the mother and daughter . the topic was realistic and the characters really brought it to life . that and it's just plain scary . why is sixth sense above it again ?
positive	fast paced , humorous and a farcical delight . it pulls you in quickly and rarely lets you go . grant is at his best trying to keep all the loose ends tied together and the touch with his brother being teddy roosevelt ! ! a wonderful story .
positive	behind the exorcist this is the freakiest movie i have ever seen ! ! ! after the cat dies and then the kid , he plants them into the indian ground and they come back as not alive just evil . . . freaky ! ! !
positive	what a great date movie . it has it all , action , subterfuge , romance . it's so money . i don't think i have ever had a bad date when we watched this movie .
positive	bette davis and joan crawford did not share a mutual love for one another off screen , but the two of them together on screen was a fierce combination . you go through this movie thinking baby jane is the only evil one , only to find out the good sister hasn't always been so good .
positive	this is a freaking wicked movie !
positive	feed the birds tppins a bag toppins toppins toppins a bag . love that song . loved the movie . very origional and entertaining . what an awesome idea for a movie
positive	simply put , just a great movie .
positive	the first time i saw this movie , i was weirded out , but now i like it alot . very visual and strange , and with a great soundtrack too .
positive	this is one of my favourite movies . lisa kudrow is fantastic , as well as , the oscar-winning mira sorvino . it is a classic-humoured , most entertaining movie that you can watch again and again . it is stupid , but that's what makes it funny and what makes you laugh . it also , allows u to dream and wish about your high school and what your future reunions will be like , ( a bit of inspiration if u like ) . overall , exceptional and entertaining . a must c movie that's great 4 a rainy day .
positive	stella . . . . stella . . . . i read the play before i saw the movie and usually the movies disappoint after you read the play or book but 'streetcar named desire' is an exception . marlon brando is absolutely perfect in this movie . the acting was unbelieveable . i really liked the story . even though this movie is in b w ( black and white ) it keeps your attention the whole way through . definitely a time piece . you see the south ( new orleans ) back in the 60's . great movie .
positive	one time the oscars got it right . casablanca speaks for itself : of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world , she walks into mine . here's looking at you , kid . round up the usual suspects . play it again , sam ( misquote , but all part of the legend ) . we'll always have paris . i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
negative	garbage .
positive	vampires ! ! ! need i say more ?
positive	awesome movie . . . really interesting
positive	i've recently dubbed this the greatest super-hero movie i have evern seen . second , being the equally entertaining x-men . spidey has all the action and origin intrigue of a great hero film as well as some superbly directed shots . tobey mcguire is clearly a fantastic choice as exuberant yet nedry shy , peter parker . willem defoe is frightening in general . he's much worse as the green goblin . also , another benefit of having these actors is the smart way in which they pull off the typically comic book dialogue . both defore and mcguire give the movie some classy weight . . . as does kirsten dunst . one can hope this style of film making will be a constant throughout the budding spider-man franchise . . . . unless mcguire bolts or they get joel schumaker to direct , they should be fine .
positive	dark , existential and very nihilistic . ewan mcgregor showing again , that he plays darker roles far better . playing a drifter called joe who lives on a glasgow barge with an older couple . joe goes nonchalantly from one inapproprate sexual relationship to another , causing emotional distress in the process . seemingly feeling guilty and yet unable take responsibility for the behaviour his own insecurities have driven him to . this film has been dubbed 'last tango in glasgow' due to its the sexual intensity , which is usually barely simmering below the surface . like last tango in paris , the film depends very heavily on sexual chemistry , although by comparison the latter is more tender . the custard scene from young adam has acquired a certain kudos all of it's own and rightly so . it's very reminiscent ( without being too explicit ) of a certain scene in last tango . after watching it i was asking myself the question was she consenting or not ? although this in some way defines the film in that these women never reject joe , showing an emotional weakness on thier part too . overall , a challenging film which gives you plenty to think about both morally and emotionally , but probably not a good film to watch if you've just been dumped or were looking for a feel good movie !
positive	my number 4 out of the 6 , behind star wars , episode 3 and empire strikes back , but equally good in its own right .
positive	even if you find nudity to be offensive you'd still have to admire this man's struggle for his right to express himself . even if you hate hustler or larry flynt you'd have to admit that he has a point with his sex vs . war speech and how unfair it was to single him and his little magazine out when others like playboy and penthouse were perfectly legal .
positive	riveting ! this has gotta be my favorite film of all time .
positive	such a great movie about true friendship . i can never get tired of this movie- it is so funny and so 90's- you'll love it ! the acting is surprising good and not a bad story line either . can't wait for my 10 year reunion in 10 years to pull the i invented the post-it line- we'll see who falls for it
positive	i wasn't expecting much from this movie , but was blown away . my wife drug me to this and it was absolutely hilarious .
positive	this is a great movie . i consider it a classic . trippy special effects . scared the hell outta me , couldn't sleep for awhile , especially in the dark .
positive	the citizen kane of comedies . chaplin's brilliance shines in every scene and the intelligience of the writing is impeccable .
positive	with apologies to blazing saddles , this is the very best of the mel brooks movies . madeline kahn marty feldman are triumphant .
positive	not just a kids movie . there are a lot of jokes in it that many kids might not understand .
positive	this movie rocks ! ! ! couldn't have asked for a more thought out movie-ever ! ! from the plot , to the dialouge all tied together with the special effects .
positive	a fun summer blockbuster .
positive	everest was the first imax i ever saw and i was awestruck . the making of it and the production and the real life drama was spellbinding . imax is a wonderful new way to present media .
positive	very cool . the special effects are great .
positive	audrey tatou is practically edible in this film . it's about a whole lot of somethings / nothings ( mostly in amelie's head ) . great use of voiceover narrative as a comedic device--the main character has minimal dialogue yet her expressions married with the narrative lead to outrageous laughter . a cute love story . and the lawn gnome ! lol ! ! !
positive	one of the scariest movies that i have seen in a while . it is even more scary because there have been people who have said that this type of thing happened to them .
positive	i love a great head trip !
negative	if there is a zero in the rating system , i would give it to this movie . it could be that this is 'the biggest wast of time ever . . . ' . i lost 2 hours of my life watching 'stupid movie' .
negative	i've seen this ridiculous movie and it doesn't move me . it's boring . what does it mean ?
negative	was going good until it got to the court scene . horribly edited and was very boring .
positive	island of the sharks is my most favorite imax movie ever !
positive	this movie has set the standards for horror movies in the nineties . the way that the movie uses comedy along with horror is a great blend of movie magic . also , the blend of keeping the audience guessing until the end is now a classic mainstay in today's movies .
positive	i still can't take a shower , annother good head trip
negative	i want to say i enjoyed but i didn't it . nearly fell asleep . i'm surprised i didn't . i was disappointd and i don't think this film has anything good about it . unless your a 3d film fan , try to avoid . summary : a boring , stupid film that doesn't have much good about it .
positive	finally the shape has come back to review dawn of the dead --- mention to someone that you like horror films and chances are , they'll roll their eyes . and , to some extent , who could blame them ? we've had countless killers wiping out legions of co-eds , campers , party-hearty types , etc . a lot of blood has been shed , usually in movies with basically no plot , almost always not a shred of decent acting , and usually in a by-the-numbers fashion that concentrates more on gore than actually scaring the audience . dawn of the dead , doesn't forget that a horror movie doesn't have to stoop so low in order to set the mood . yes , it's gory , especially in the ending sequence . but it's not all gore . the opening passages introduce us to the plague that's turning the dead into the undead , hungry for human flesh . we see police officers re-killing people they've killed just minutes earlier . we see rednecks popping zombies and chugging beer . we see television reports about the plague , and religious types declaring war on the undead . george romero is smart enough to set the stage with these things instead of endless gore . the movie turns into a battle for survival , as a group of people settle inside a shopping mall to protect themselves from the zombie army waiting outside . in a nice realistic touch , the group eliminates the zombies inside , then grow bored by the hour , and much of the middle part of the movie concentrates on the small talk and chatter that goes on within the group . but when a renegade biker group decides to invade the mall , it opens the doors for the final battle , as hundreds of zombies make their way indoors , slowly but surely finding their way to their next meal . the final battle is gross , yes . particularly graphic and gory . and yet , i didn't mind . in a way , this really is a war movie . there's more action than scares , and as in any battle , things could get pretty disgusting in the end . don't hold the violence against the film simply for being a horror movie . it's necessary , at least to some extent . sometimes , a horror movie can be effective just by atmosphere and the classic man-against-monster scenario . the makers of dawn of the dead realized that . too bad other horror movie makers don't . the shape , card carrying film reviewer from around the way .
positive	classic bette davis . she's creepy and wonderful as the monster turned savior . great build-up and great ending .
positive	i was hesitant about seeing this movie when it premiered . . . i finally worked up enough nerve to view it . i'm glad that i did . stellan skarsgard was excellent as father marron ( ? ? spelling ? ? ) ! watching it gave me a lot of answers as to the why of pazuzu's existence in the first place .
positive	loved it at the time and have seen it many times since ( harrison ford is a legend , mainly due to star wars .
positive	just a wonderful , wonderful masterpiece ! one of my all time top 10 .
positive	this is a great movie . its up there with fight club . deffinatly a must see !
positive	an awesome movie by the don of avant-garde , mr quentin tarrantino . i do adore spaghetti westerns and martial arts movies ( as does tarrantino ) and this film was a little of a tribute to both ( even a few of the songs are by the western composer ennio morricone ! ) . david carradine is of course a star from a multitude of cheesy martial arts movies and yet his performance in this movie is enigmatic , measured , intimidating but with a sentimentality that makes one empathize with him ( which adds spice to the bride's ongoing fued with him , which is far more emotional then physical ) . uma thurman is powerful in this movie , of course she doesn't look glamourous at any time during the film , often she looks dirty , sweaty , frazzled , wounded and storied which is exactly the type of raw uncompromising image her character is meant to convey , so i say bravo ! it requires patience to view and fully appreciate this movie . this is the film's greatest strength and it's greatest weakness . the scenes meant to gradually build up tension and the ones containing oodles of esoteric dialogue will bore some but fascinate fans of tarrantino's style . a ponderous nature and originality is something lacking in hollywood these days and this film supplies it in bundles which is what i say makes this and all of qt's films rise above the rest .
positive	masterful movie - the acting is top notch and the cinematography is spectacular'
positive	the best of the series . no long intros , jump right in . it kept the swashbuckler spirit yet elevated the story to timeless myth .
positive	i really think that nick parks is a master of masters in the specialized world of puppet animation , and even though he did not personally move the puppets around in this , his first feature film , his eye for detail and his dry brit humor rings through . i saw a sneak screening and when the movie was over i hid in the bathroom and snuck in with the next audience just to see it again .
negative	this was junk . it was not funny at all . and there were alot of boring parts . this was not one of jim carreys good movies .
negative	let's get real , folks : this may be a trendy cult favorite , but as strictly a horror movie , it sucks . bad .
positive	one of the rare sequels that is better than the original . a must see movie for any fan of christmas or new york .
positive	amazing trilogy and this third one is really lovely . . . . great tolkien and great jackson
positive	angie jolie kicks ass in this movie ! it rox ! ! : )
positive	i really enjoyed this all time great horror movie . this movie had a great storyline and helped propel a stream of horror flicks such as nightmare on elm street . micheal meyers is probably the greatest , most unique horror character ever created .
positive	a cult classic but you have to see it at least once if just to realize how warped some peoples minds are out there and knowing they created this .
positive	you ` ve gone too far , you'll get caught first of all , you can never go too far , and second , if i'm gonna get caught it isn't gonna be by that guy .
positive	the acting was great . the story line was pretty good . the lines were well thought out . the sound track is good , well two songs are . overall one of my favorite movies . i found the movie to be very funny at times as well .
positive	the clowns saying negative things about this film are probably too confused to understand it- it was a great and exciting film
negative	josh hartnett delivers a fun performance in this putrid , unfunny god-awful comedy . ford is so mis-cast and wasted here .
positive	great movie one of my fav . although a lil unconfertable ( i cant spell ) to watch with ur parents i learnedthat the hard way . . . hahaha
positive	best movie of the year . the acting great , filming excellent , writing and directing beyond belief . finally something worth spending money to go see and not a remake of a big ape running through new york or a family who never heard of birth control . truly outstanding !
negative	there's no reason to even comment on this movie . it is horrible . you are making a huge mistake if you go see it .
positive	this was simply a great movie . brought out the former sailor in me and brought back memories of what its like to be at sea . if you want the full effect of the movie , see it on the big screen .
positive	no one should ever remake this movie . how could they do it better ?
positive	yeahhhhhh , this movie is hilarious . mmmmmkay ? thaaaaaaaaanks .
positive	everyone is forgetting how good charles demarr was . pure genius
positive	based on john grisham's popular novel , the client largely delivers as a suspenseful thriller . the plot revolves around young mark sway ( brad renfro ) who witnesses the suicide of a big time mafia lawyer . however , before the lawyer commits suicide , he confides in mark and tells him the location of the body of a missing louisiana senator . what follows is a thrilling ride , as the mafia seeks to silence sway while ambitious district attorney roy foltrigg attempts to find out what the young boy knows . meanwhile , mark seeks the help of an inexperienced lawyer , reggie love ( susan sarandon ) . the film is quick and thrilling , with very few slow moments in between . solid performances by all involved , especially the young renfro , puts the client over the top as a crime drama / thriller . overall , the client is highly recommended .
positive	one of the very best . i watch it almost every year and never seem to get tired of its hopeful message .
positive	if you want mindless , moronic action , this is the film for you . ( girls , don't bother clicking the no button , i just helped you out . ) jet li shows off his considerable fighting skills against the only worthy opponent they could find for him : jet li ! thank god this role didn't go to the rock , as it was supposed to . the great one is fine and everything , but i doubt he has the pinache for all of his smacketh laying downeth ability to properly club a guy with a motorcycle . very solid fx , with a sort of 'terminator' feel . the final fight alone is worth buying this flick for , no doubt about it . most people will hate it , but people take movies too seriously these days ( thanks , quentin . ) don't expect a great plot . it is , however , the best script jet li's gotten , and it shows . with the right lines , there'd be no stopping this guy . i'm nobody's bitch is a good first step , though . nice poetic justice at the end , resolving things into heaven and hell .
negative	like many of the raters here , i concur that this movie was one of the sorriest ever put out . it was hyped over the al gore-invented internet and that led to some fake buzz . i was never scared during the movie ; instead i got madder and madder as i sat through this crap . i wondered how i got took on such bulls * * * it as this ? this worthless piece of junk shouldn't be classified as horror . i've seen home movies with more terror than this . my first hair-cut on camera beat this crap . thank goodness now everyone knows this & it's crappy sequel are pure junk !
positive	i loved the battle at helm's deep and the part where the ents attack isengard .
positive	this is my favorite of the three . it's clearly better than the third , and i liked it a whole lot more than the first . it's got enough action to satisfy just about anyone , and all of the action is reasonable in my opinion . plus there are more than three characters that play an important role . i think it's a well-made thriller .
positive	dudes this is the greatest movie ever and i luv jason i hope he kills everybody in the next muvie an i am so glad he killed freddy cuz freddy sux go jason
positive	the best dang musical i've ever seen . . . brilliant effects . . . cutting edige cin-ematography . . . great soundtrack . . . . nicole kidman is the perfect actress for her role . . . ewan macgragor is hot . . . . the intergration of old and new music was so awesome ! ! ! ! diamond class movie ! ! ! i lvoe it . . . i do not want to give away a plot becuae you have to see it to belive it ! ! ! one sweet movie ! ! ! ! will chicago live up to this . . . we'll have to see about that one ! ! ! ! ; )
positive	the goofiness and silliness of the characters gives the movie its own beauty .
positive	i love this movie ! it teaches people that popularity isn't everything . i loved it !
negative	i hope it isn't bad as most dtv ( direct to video ) disney releases .
positive	my all time favorite movie . did anyone notice plastic jesus playing during carrie fischer's seen in the latest kevin smith film . one of the greatest scripts ever written . i guarantee you've heard someone quote the failure to communicate line in the last week . mellencamp quotes luke on the track scarecrow . guns n' roses uses a byte from it to open civil war . ronald reagen quoted it during the state of the union address . ethan hawk quotes it in reality bites . hey guys , how many times have you seen one of those sexy scenes of a gorgeous woman washing a car seductively ( liv tyler was a recent one ) ? you've got this film to thank for it ! oh , anything that sweet has just got to be named lucille . one of the greatest things about this film is the fact that it leaves it to the viewer to decide for themselves exactly what the details of luke's life are . the parking meter tells you everything you need to know about him in the first shot . also , the two speaches to god are two of the greatest ever filmed . * * * * * +
negative	will someone please stop banderas before he acts again ! !
negative	the movie starts off right but something goes terribly wrong in the middle . cyber-jason ? wtf !
positive	this is a hilarious depiction of the 1970's high school experience . a dope filled tale of rebellious high school graduates getting wild on grad nght . entertaining .
positive	this is one of two of my favorite movies . humphrey bogart was at his very best as the cynical and disillusioned rick blaine , who is brought back to life , so to speak , by love and and a cause which is bigger than him . what is amazing about this movie is that the script was written daily . not even the writers knew how this movie would end . it is a testament to the talent of all involved that this movie was even made , let alone become a classic for the ages . my personal favorite scene was when , paul heinred as victor lazlo and conrad veidt vied for dominance with their respectives patriotic songs . it was an unbelievably inspiring scene . no one but ingrid bergman could have portrayed ilsa , she owned the role . this movie also included one of my favorite character actors , s . z . sakall as carl . it was movie making at its finest .
negative	far too much talking . absolute crap
positive	robert deniro is as ususal very very good at what he does . this movie scared the hell out of me .
negative	miserable , excremental , asinine garbage . its gags are obvious , predictable , and without exception loathsome and lowbrow . the movie was about as funny as a burst colostomy bag , and about as subtle .
positive	see it in the theater , if possible . the cinematography is spectacular !
negative	i loved the first movie , but this movie . . . oh , man , they could have done so much with this , but it seems they chose not to ! in the first movie , they handled the cg and special effects beautifully , but in this one , it seemed they slacked off quite a bit ( not that i can do better , but that scorpion at the end was mind-numbingly horrible ! ) . and the zepplin . . . oh , that was a bad idea . and , since sais originate from the 1600's in okinawa as a farming tool , it's kind of hard to accept that ancient egypt possessed these things as weapons back then ! doing the face-in-the-sand thing in the first movie was kinda cool . doing the face-in-the-water thing in this one was repetative . and , for the rock fans--he's only in it for all of maybe two minutes , one of which is spent in a horrible cg replication of him . you'd be better off seeing scorpion king if you want to see him . altogether , if you want to watch it , by all means do so . . . just know that you've been warned !
positive	macho with a soft side , whodunit with a quality story , pathos and some good action scenes , though it's not action the whole way through . sweet goodytwoshoes lady in detroit took in numerous foster children through the years but actually adopted four of them that were in unique ways unadoptable / degenerates . anyway , years later she is shot , prompting her four now adult sons to reunite and seek out the truth about the shooting . recognized most of the actors , though can't recall names , except mark wahlberg ( one of brothers ) and terrance howard ( one of cops on case ) . motown soundtrack . i think most everyone would enjoy this never boring good-vs-evil redemption movie , though some bad language and a bit of violence and sexual explicitness .
positive	and not just cause johnny depp is beautiful
positive	a film of enormous scope , breath-taking beauty and thought-provoking drama , the searchers is the movie for many people . its influence is seen all over the films of such great directors as spielberg , lucas , scorsese and coppola . john ford made many great films , but the searchers is the one for which he will be remembered .
positive	super ! i've seen dozens of times & it still grabs me . the writing is superb , the acting terrific & the tension really builds as the alien slowly picks off one at a time . the best scene is where ripley ( after everyone else is killed ) almost runs into the creature on her way into the shuttle . it's creepy as it sneaks around the corner . also horrifying is where the alien comes upon parker & lambert while they're collecting up the coolant . if you're a horror / sci-fi fan , you must have this in your collection !
positive	this is such a great film . i it's my second favourite horror film ever after halloween
negative	not funny ! ! !
positive	this movie is a work of art . the way it was shot in yellows and blues was great to illustrate the emotions buiding up . it shows how people will kill each other over ignorance .
positive	lovely , the only true fairy tale ever filmed . great acting and great editing , which , in a movie is half the film . nice humour and a truly magic quality that autoiroby enhances rather than diminish .
positive	yes , you guys are on the money ! top 15 of all time ! jimmy stewart and hitchy are amazing ! and ruby , is there something wrong with a director being an artist ! ! ! you quote artist like its a bad thing . do you go out to movies just to get a quick laugh or scare or go to be entertained and think films that try to be art are stupid ? ? ? ? ? well they are ! j / k , to criticize a film for being artistic is absurd .
negative	way , way , overrated and overhyped just like the kill bill movies . warped and twisted just like every other film tarantino does , but when you have a twisted mind what else can you do ? i challenge tarantino to make another genre of movies . if he truely has talent ( which i doubt ) it will show .
positive	my childhood , and the childhoods of those i know would not be complete without this movie . the cartoon , not the crap jim carrey one . . .
positive	i was shunned among my friends for saying the first one was better .
positive	i love this movie . it is so funny . mike myers plays austin powers so good , no one could do such a good job as he does .
positive	the movie was excellent . i have a beef with mr . bruckheimer , did he actually think car buffs would not notice that the resurrected eleanor is a mercury cougar xr7 and not even a stang ! maybe he should hire someone with a little continuity . still a good movie just disappointed about the ending .
positive	this was an outstanding movie . action picked up at the very end . i was thrilled throughout . good actors . good storyline . good movie .
positive	i have always been a fan of this movie ! . . ever since i was small . . it always seem to shut me up ! ! . . and seein it at imax was cool ! !
positive	the original 1970's version is trully one of the worst movies ever made , ranking down there with peter frampton in sgt pepper's . the reason i gave this four stars is for the 2000 remake , which i believe was released direct to video ond dvd . that is the version that deserves * * * * * ! ! it is tremendous . check it out if you have never seen it .
positive	i love it ! especially when the fat one went up the ring !
positive	the in-laws is a classic . peter falk and alan arkin are hilarious together . just thinking of the word serpentine makes me laugh .
positive	i think this was one of the scariest movies i ever saw . i thought it was hella good . it kept me jumping and screaming .
positive	i am all for movies that made from real life drama . in my opinion , i hope that it struck a nerve in the medical community . i don't know about you , but i get sick of being treated as an insurance claim when i walk through that emergency room .
negative	i dont know why everyone likes this movie it is bad . it isnt even that funny . robert deniro i dont know what you were thinking when you agreed to do this movie . dont see it is bad . and i hoe that the sequil is called meet the faukers
positive	i loved it . ladder 49 is a great movie about the firefighters life . i'm a vol . firefighter / emt and i geuss i'm close to movies like this i will add it to my collection of dvds .
positive	undoubtedly the best and most thought provoking , fantastically acted and electronically manipulated futuristic film of today .
negative	dragonheart was such a terrible and embarrasing film . the whole entire plot and all of the bad acting , it was just really bad .
negative	the special effects hardly make up for what the movie lacked in plot . besides , it promotes animal cruelty ( i overheard someone saying that the movie sucked , but the coolest part was when a dog's head was crashed against the wall . . . i bet they went home to try it . ) .
positive	i finally saw this movie and it was awesome ! ! ! i think what put the icing on the cake was kevin spacey . . . he played his character so well i think i'm gonna name my dog verbal .
positive	why is rum gone ? this movie has it all ! fights , comedy , you name it !
positive	wow its a classic
positive	this is , i think , the best war movie ever made . i had to struggle with the idea that paths of glory was better when i said that , but they both come from kubrick , so make your own decision . the point is , the direction is all that a combat correspondant could ever , ever hope for . it may not be war , but it is what war should be in the cinema . i read the book it was based on , and while there are differences , i think the movie flows as well as the novel ; that is , the division bewteen the boot camp sequences , and the battlefield sequences is essential to illustrate the horror of war , and the degrading , terrible things a man must put himself through to get there . they are essentially a couple . if you look at the sniper in the final run as a metaphor for the enemy , the movie becomes more profound . ultimately , i've watched many a war movie , and i can't think of a better one to recommend , sans politics and propaganda , than this one .
positive	what can i say . . . hitchcock was a genius when it came to suspense and horror . psycho is a masterpiece . this is as good as classic movies get .
positive	i can admit it : i cry every time i watch this movie . i loved kevin spacey , and as a whole found the movie to be very moving .
positive	i never want to go in a corn patch again ! ! !
negative	barbershop 3 : give it up
positive	an absolotely fabulous movie . it was one of those times when you are sitting in the theater and not wondering who is crying , but wondering who is not crying . i was deeply moved , seeing how much christ really suffered . its an amazing movie that i recomment everyone to see .
positive	great movie ! the cinematography , direction , script , and soundtrack really propelled this movie . very true to the cynicism in the dating scene , the difficulty for young men to relate to the world ( parents , women ) , cool metaphors ( christ in the church , the fishbowl , him in the scuba gear , ms . robinson in the hallway after he spills the beans - all symbols of alienation ) - the hip style of this film is superb . copied by movies like ferris bueller . very dark , chic , hip , urbane , funny , witty . i like movies that leave you wondering . they symbolize where men and women are headed in the future and what they ultimately will mean to each other . i also like how we never really know what's in his head - he's more a symbol than a character . all of that and the soundtrack leave a haunting image .
positive	an amazing film , ridly is a master
positive	drama-wise , i thought it was better than the musical version .
positive	poopy
positive	just saw this movie tonight . cuba gooding jr and robert deniro were a great team ! they portrayed their characters in a very honorable way which showed great respect for our men and women in uniform . keep up the great work cuba !
positive	i loved this movie . even though it is a hollywood farse that is weighted by inspired by a true story . inspired being the very key point . this movie kicked ass ! the cinematogrophy , directing and acting , along with great special effects made this a spectacular thrill ride ! read my full review : http : / / bradley . kicks-ass . org / blog / archives / 000948 . php
positive	one of my favorite films . beautiful story , photography , performances and music .
positive	i never get tired of this movie . a great story , good acting , and some unbelievable action - the train wreck is especially compelling . there is something riveting about stories which deal with the wrongfully accused - and the fugitive is mesmerizing throughout . probably my favorite harrison ford movie , and tommy lee jones is superb as well . also , you have to love the simpsons episode which begins with bart writing on the blackboard i will not tell people my homework was stolen by a one-armed man .
positive	this was hands down the best movie ever made ! ! ! ! i love this movie i whatch it every day with all my cats . . . binky , jo jo , lala , harry , lloyd , mary , jesus , waka waka
positive	david fincher is god ! ! ! ! !
positive	it's not supposed to stimulate your mind , but it's a damn funny movie . stills makes me laugh harder then any other movie .
positive	i saw this movie with a friend of mine and we both loved it . it was kinda scary , but i really loved the actor that played the priest . he is worth seeing .
positive	set it back 500 years and this is the stuff of shakespeare . the detailed story of neil mccauley ( robert deniro ) , trying to run a robbery while dealing with a psychopath who was once in his gang , and vincent hanna ( al pacino ) , the cop who will do anything to stop him . by far michael mann's best film , this complicated film with so many details , so many stories , is powerhouse stuff . not to mention the cast ! deniro , pacino , val kilmer , jon voight , ashley judd - - if you haven't seen this film you can't call yourself a movie fan . the whole film pulls you in , and it has the best bank robbery scene i've seen . see heat now . summary : a complicated powerhouse film that pulls you in .
positive	feris buellers day off is a classic , the acting , scenery , plot , cinematography .
positive	i thought that this is one of the best romantic comedies since as good as it gets . it is rather coincidental that both of these films revolve somewhat around animals ( the dog in as good as it gets and jinxy the cat in this film ) . i thoroughly enjoyed this film and laughed my tail off from start to finish- there were a lot of funny and memoriable parts that will always stick with me when i think of this film . the acting was supurb and this movie was great- anyone who thinks otherwise is just a focker .
positive	forget schindler's list : this is much better ! best film of '98 ! best non-english film ever ! : o ) ps : do anyone know why la vita bella wasn't nominated for one single golden globe , when it was nominated for seven oscars won three ? ! ?
positive	billy bob's best performance to date . he's hardly recognizable , and without a drop of make-up or latex . an absolutley heart-wrenching story , with some of the best quotable lines of any movie i've ever seen .
positive	a fantastic movie . i always love bogey , but even hepburn is great in this one ( she's great , but not one of my faves ) . reminds me of swept away . . . a bit ( the italian classic , not the dumb madonna crap ) . there's adventure , comedy , etc . , but there's an undercurrent of sexual tension in it - note the metaphors , her having an orgasm going down the rapids , and them getting it on by the middle , when they've fallen in love . every romance adventure movie since , like romancing the stone , uses the same plot devices , character development , etc . despite all that , you really see first rate acting . these 2 shouldn't work together , but they do . i almost wanted to do hepburn ! made me rethink the idea of missionary work .
positive	right up there as a classic .
positive	i love them all , but i must say this is my favorite of disney's animated features . it gives little girls an intelligent role model and the moral of the story ( it's what's inside that counts ) never gets old . of course , the animation and music are wonderful .
negative	yech ! ! two bad the writer didn't have one .
positive	vin diesel is soooo sexy ! i saw this movie 3 times and i wanna see it again ! it's so cool !
positive	one of my all-time favorite films ! the doors have always been my favorite musicians and val kilmer's performance is one of the best in cinema history if you ask me ! he looked and sounded like morrison in every way ! excellent film !
negative	horrible movie for a very overrated kids game . it might as well have been in french .
positive	who keeps giving these movies 1's and 2's ? ? ? there are very few films that surpass seven samurai , in the entire history of filmmaking . it is surely kurosawa's best ( ok , so maybe not surely ; rashomon is pretty spectacular as well ) , and it puts to shame the overhyped american classics like gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire . watch it ! and watch all the other great foreign movies ! if you don't , you're missing out on a treasure trove of genius .
positive	this is the best movie i have seen that i will never watch again . i was so scared after this that for weeks i had to turn every light on when i walked through the house . i was living with my mom and her husband and on the walls were pictures of his family , so from those old pictures of the 20's where they were farmers and didn't smile . i just had a creepy feeling that i would bump into them . i loved the suprise ending that i had no clue of until the wife dropped the wedding band . i was pobably still crying when we were driving home from the theatre .
positive	shrek 2 is a great movie . it's one of those rare gems that kids and adults will get a kick out of . like the first one , it pokes satire at everything with rapier-like wit . the computer animation has also imporved since the first . sometimes , i thought they were cutting into real world footage for some of the shots . disney really hasn't made anything in years that matches the humor and cleverness of the shreks . shrek is even strong enough to withstand the eddie murphy curse . the only knock i have on shrek 2 is that it is not quite the equal of the first one . but other than godfather 2 , what movie sequel is ? it will win best animated feature at the oscars .
positive	both jack nicholson and helen hunt perform great . the story is realistic to life . lots of actual nyc scenes . the dialogue is meaningful . the little cuba gooding jr . also did a good job .
positive	this movie was very ahead of its time and is still a good movie today . probably the most justified violence of any movie
negative	boring , with cheesy effects , and a annoying robot .
positive	khaaaaannn ! ! ! ! !
positive	another great star wars movie ! ! ! loved the ewoks !
positive	francis ford coppola at his best . this is coppola's rendition of the classic heart of darkness , set in the vietnam war . a glimpse into the primitive evil inherent within men-see it . the cinematography is awesome !
positive	i thought this was an excellent movie . very touching . the relationship between the father and son , how it changes and develops , how the characters react to kevin kline's cancer and what he's doing or trying to do before he dies is interesting to watch . it's a movie that makes a person think . i might be a little slanted in how i feel about this movie because i have cancer but i think anyone would like this movie . it's mostly about relationships . husbands , wives , children , ex's , neighborbs , a whole web of characters .
negative	not scary
positive	i think mel gibson did a great job , for his first time directing . the camera angles were perfect . the language really fit in with the scenery . people think the movie is grusome , but that is how it really happened ! they are just showing you what it was like for jesus , and if you didn't like it then thats your own fault . i perticuarly liked it !
positive	the princess bride is such a cute movie . it reminds me of my grandfather , he would always read fairytales to me . all of the cast was wonderful . every child should see this movie . as wesley would say as you wish .
positive	showed the world what special effects were all about . way ahead of it's time back in 1977 . unforgetable , in a word .
positive	empire was the perfect second act . star wars introduced the characters , created the rules . empire brings up the conflict and jedi resolves it . from a directorial standpoint , empire has the least lagtime . it's tight , compact with no excess wonderful stuff .
positive	definetely the best of the 4 movies . had a better and more mature story line to it , just like the book , and for the most part , stayed close to the book . the characters were better played , and the new characters ie : cedric , fleur , krum , cho , etc . were amazing . great special effects in the challenges , especially the dragon scene , and very emotional and scary .
negative	should have been called dumb and if you pay to watch it , you are even dumber ! most comedians don't know the difference between inspired lunacy and the regular , tasteless kind and this is definitely the latter .
positive	bergman's most brilliant , radical and original masterpiece , voted by international critics one of the all-time top 10 , examines the relationship between an actress recovering from a breakdown and the nurse caring for her at a remote swedish seaside cottage . a challenging film , but intimate , perceptive and extremely rewarding . the acting of bibi andersson and liv ullmann in the lead roles is quietly astonishing . essential viewing for lovers of arthouse cinema .
negative	what was the point of that movie anyway ? i wasn't even scared , just very confused . . .
positive	doctor- is there anything we can do for you ? mcmurphy- ( holds up the naked-lady playing card ) do you have her number ?
positive	i think pulp fiction was a awesome movie and quentin tarantino is one of the best directors in hollywood .
positive	this movie is good , especially how kirk out smarts the superhuman kahn . kahn is a funny character . he is smart , has a sense of humour and is controlling .
positive	the best pixar film of them all . glorious animation , and a hilarious performance from albert brooks . flawless .
negative	one of the worst movies ever made
positive	everytime you watch it you see something different and new .
negative	this movie was really bad . it was boring , not funny and pretty dorky . it could have been way better , just change the screen play .
positive	i hate and i mean hate golf but this movie was so not about golf . i was so shocked that i loved this movie as much as i did . i watched this one afternoon when i had nothing better to do and nothing was on . after 10 minutes into the movie i was so happy i stuck with it . robert redford once again made another great film , with a great cast ! ! !
positive	a great , influential film from kurosawa .
positive	mr . pink has this movie discription down perfect it is a great low-buget movie it is among my top ten i try to watch it anytime i get a chance . i first watched it at a friends house the later i rented it and watched it all 5 nights i also highly reccomend it to anyone who has a good sense of humor and well anyone who likes good movies . send more police . . . -smart zombie
negative	if there were a marking for zero , i would definatley put it down . as a fan of the show , i'm a little insulted . this movie was incredibly lame and jessica simpson made a horrible daisy duke .
positive	perhaps one of the best movies of our recent movie times . the acting , directing , and overall production of this movie are superb -interlacing several stark stories surrounding drugs in our society . at times you forget you are watching a movie it becomes so real . a must see for everyone .
positive	it's one of my favoriot movies of all time !
positive	one of those movies which you could watch over and over again . . .
positive	have to give it a 5 due to the acting . parts of the storyline were not great , but how can you not love ellen burstyn , sandra bullock , maggie smith , etc . ? well worth watching .
positive	i am not an adam sandler fan and saw this movie merely for the sake of drew barrymore , who i believe is the future of this country's acting . i was so pleased with the movie , finding it a very funny , and touching movie . i will give adam sandler a second chance .
positive	i was epecting a good movie . this one passed my epectations easily , the acting was superb as denzel always is , the plot was well written . when this movie was over i wished there was more .
positive	x-men was a good ass movie , and it stayed good enough with the comic book .
negative	i really enjoyed the first one but as much as i like austin powers i hated 2 . it was not really very funny with a lot of bathroom humor , more so than the first . one spy spoof was enough mike look for some thing new . i have not seen 3 yet but it looked about the same stuff re-hashed . update : i have seen 3 and i was right .
negative	they suck , and mic's got a big mouth . great for cock sucking . . . . .
positive	i think this was an amazing movie . the best lord of the rings movie ever . the huge battle was just breathtaking , i've neven seen anything like that before . peter jackson left a legacy and i could watch that movie every day . one of my all time favorite .
positive	one of the best movies i have ever seen . beautiful to watch . humorous details throughout . yet has a serious story -- the search for one's life meaning -- told metaphorically and directly , with humor , pathos , even an element of suspense / mystery . all the characters are well-developed and fun . different story lines to keep one engaged . i highly recommend this uplifting movie . when i saw it in the theater the whole place was laughing , often . ( warning : this is an adult movies and is in french )
positive	about a half an hour into the movie it abandons any notion of plot in the battle of zion . its an hour of explosions , debris , and screaming . it was absolutly wonderful . from neo's crucifix pose to the oracle in the end of the movie the religious backround of the movie is also more obvious . if youre a hardcore fan of the matrix you will like this movie . the wierd thing is this movie isn't even the best in the trilogy . i could type a hang of a lot more about this movie but just go see it .
positive	i was fortunate enough to get to see this on broadway and i was captivated . . . so naturally when the movie came out i was really excited . i loved the fact that in the movie they add a background story for the phantom . it is a beautifully done movie .
positive	i liked it and can't understand why this movie is at the bottom of the list . the actors were great and it had quite a fascinating cast . the setting in dallas was interesting and there were some funny light moments . richard gere is always great .
negative	man shoot willes , than he talks to the boy , of whom you know he talks to the dad
positive	franks and beans ! ! !
positive	one of the most beloved movies of our time , and rightly so . growing up i always anticipated an airing of the wizard of oz on tv . what a treat it was , to be taken to oz , to escape from the real world , and be apart of something so fantastic and beautiful . its sometimes hard for me to think that shirley temple was actually considered first and foremost for the film , as dorthy is supposed to be just a child . i doubt the movie would be the classic it is today , without garlands brilliance , and amazing voice . somewhere over the rainbow , strikes a cord to all whom listen , and its probably the single most definitive score in cinema history . a tale of 4 wayword souls , on a journey to become " complete " find along the way that they didnt need anything to prove their worth , it was inside them all along . and our beloved dorothy , finds that , through all of lifes struggles , what matters in the end , are those whom we love and love us , and indeed there is no place like home'
positive	this is one of the best imax ovies i've seen . the music was spectacular and the animation was very original .
positive	hysterical comedy on a scary subject . brilliant direction from the master - kubrick . performances from sellers , scott and hayden are first rate . highly recommended .
positive	i loved this movie ! at first it was hard to understand but then i caught on quickly . it was jam packed with action and it had a really good plot to it .
positive	best in the series . great scene with party and pool . freddy posseses nerd and rocks the house . the kid in this looks like the kid from christine . totally surreal scenes done with miniatures .
positive	this is one of the most inventive and just the most awesome movie ever ! i just got the special edition dvd and i watched it the chronological way , which was really cool ! if you can't figure out how , go to eeggs . com .
positive	this movie was so unique and fascinating . however , it was a case of you either loved it or hated it . the narrative storyline is so interesting and the characters are uniquely quirky . the dialogue sticks out as one of the most innovative things about the film . just a great creative vision and well worth several watchings .
positive	very entertaining and not difficult to follow . it is more exciting than mi one . the motorcycle scene was the same as in top gun . i thought the soundtrack to be haunting . the shots from australia made me want to go there .
negative	did not care for this movie at all . a total waste of time . do not recommend it .
positive	they shot this outside my apartment for a while , so i had some personal interest in it . trivia fact : the cops' badges read nowhere city . nifty ! this movie is a lot lighter than all the other versions of this story , and guy pearce is a lot more accessible than george pal or the cheesy mustache guy who played the inventor in the 70s version . also , his character gets a name , and the dinner party guests who were known only by their professions in the book are subtracted . there's a new romance , and a best buddy character , who were both played well . the morlocks are very scary and their hive is reminiscent of scenes from aliens , very well constructed and shot . the eloi are sleepy sun people who play angels to the morlocks' devils , and illustrate i think compellingly the flaws of a society that is entirely innocent and positive while still being more desirable than the alternative . why they were apparently based on the maori is unknown to me . it's not a movie huge on action , but the drama and the wonder are still there , even as jeremy irons's super-evil baddie slithers and sulks his way around the screen . it reminds me of those great old mgm classics , a fine family picture for a quiet evening at home .
positive	one of the best movies of the year
positive	clearly the greatest action / super hero pic . of all time up to current movies !
negative	too corny for me .
positive	it is the best movie ever ! !
positive	it doesn't get much better than this !
positive	a shamelessly funny look at brian who is falsly accused of being the messiah . he's not you know . any way brian gets in to all kinds of trouble with his big nose and with the pythons at the helm it could not be any funnier . you can't have a baby ! you don't have a womb ! ! !
positive	very good film . i had been anticipating this picture heavily ever since i had fallen in love with thora birch in american beauty . i was not dissapointed with this movie which is based off a sorely under appriciated graphic novel of the same title . this movie takes place following the graduation of two teenage girls who have always planned on moving in together and being forever friends . their pleasure is scrutinizing and making fun of strangers . one day they are reading the personals and come across one that a man has placed seeking a woman he met on a plane ride . the two girls find this utterly pathetic and deside to call him , pretending to be the woman , set a date , and then go watch him as the date never shows up . thora's character then becomes curious about the man ( steve buscimi ) and slowly grows attached as her best friend slowly grows away from her . thora is in top form in this bitter comedy . she has mastered the bitter girl and i can't wait to see her in her next film . simplistic in form and mature in subject . very good movie . highly recommended .
positive	the feel-good comedy of the christmas season ! ! ! the michelle williams character to the heath ledger character : " i knew you two were up to something on your fishing trips when you didn't bring home any trout . . . . . " you said a mouthful , honey . but beware . . . lots of man-cuddle action . kind of like mid-night mass for the gay community , no jokes allowed . . . . ever so serious & we must be ever so reverent & not joke about like sounding titles of a humourous nature . . . . . boom-boom mountain , smelly tent mountain , nervous sheep mountain , ky mountain bloody stool mountain etc etc etc ad infinitum . . . . amen . we kid around because we love . actually unlike any movie any of us have ever seen . . . . . . worth 9 bucks , i suppose .
positive	a wonderful movie . i really enjoyed the characterisations and performances by the entire cast . jess' neighborhood is an analog of every middle-class family's neighborhood throughout the world .
positive	i have seen a recent poll that has compared lord of the rings with the godfather , citizen kane , and other great movies . this was amazing because the poll was top 100 movies of all time and lord of the rings was # 1 out of those . the movie has great sceanry and has you wide awake 100 % of the time . this has won afl's best film of the year . and is rated for golden globes . this was the best film of the year and should win the best picture . the income for this movie is passing harry potter , because the people who have seen the lord of the rings hav loved it . if you havent seen this movie , you should see it now .
positive	this movie was excellent in portraying post-traumatic stress disorder . the performances were great and the twist at the end was entertaining ( with chris rock ) . the dvd is great with all the extras . the commentary is very helpful and makes the movie even better when you understand the meanings behind everything .
positive	soooo scary . i was about 25 when i first saw this and was that shaken that i went home and slept with the lights on after checking under the bed like a liitle kid ! best horror movie of all time .
positive	i almost passed this movie by but was i very pleasantly surprised ! good cast and very very very funny . steve martin provides constant laughs and entertainment . not one boring bit in the whole movie . one of the films that i watch over and over .
negative	i have yet to see a movie as poorly directed , poorly written , and poorly acted ( except by jackman ) as this one . i was so looking forward to it , being a big universal monster fan myself . this movie was supposed to be a dream come true . instead i got a convoluted plot , with mediocre special effects ( a stephen sommers tradition ) , and the least believable romanian accents in the history of cinema ( including that guy at the beginning of eyes wide shut ) . this movie should be shown in every film academy throughout the world as a cautionary example of what happens when a great idea is given to a mediocre director who , by the way , believes he can translate said idea into a plot and screenplay . awful awful awful awful awful awful awful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	the benchmark for all horror films , past , present , and future . a classic .
positive	my second favorite animated movie , my first of course in the disney robin hood version when the main character ( robin hood ) is a fox and maid marion is a vixen .
positive	a classic
positive	a classic
positive	a classic
positive	this movie is great if you want to watch a film to make you chuckle ( particulalry if you've seen many of the brit spy film like james bond , the ipcress files etc ) . it doesn't really engage your brain but then does every film have to be heavy and intellectual ?
positive	i love this movie ! ! ! it iz the best movie i have ever seen ! ! !
positive	for music and animation lovers , this is your movie ! each animated story was different and interesting and was matched perfectly with beautiful classical music . watch it at the imax dome theatre and you will see what i mean .
negative	boring , uninspired , totally uncreative headache drama filled with bad acting and bad writing .
positive	i bought this movie on dvd without watching it on my brother's suggestion . he talked so much about this movie being one of his favourites , so i thought it was going to be great . the first time i watched it , i was dissapointed with the entire movie , except for the ending of course . then , i watched it for a second time , and everything came together . with the knowledge i had of the ending , it made the rest of the movie so much better . now , it is one of my favourites . i say i have watched the movie over 20 times , no joke .
positive	its crazy that jesus had to go threw all that for humans .
positive	blade had great special effects . the movie made me believe that there are really vampires out there .
positive	what a beautiful movie . it's as fun as a movie like 'goonies' but a lot more intelligent . it's a vehicle for any kid's dreams ; finding out one day you have magic powers , and getting whisked away from your humdrum life , to a world where everyone's on awe of you , and adventure and intrigue are everywhere . visually , it's perfect . the characters are totally believable , considering the unreality of their situations . i haven't read the books , but the number one complaint i hear from those who have is that too many of the details and the nuances that make rowlings such a great writer don't reach the screen , but i understand that what is there is totally faithful to the novels , and it was more than enough for me . the quidditch match has been compared to the pod race in star wars ep 1 , and while i'm a die hard star wars fan , i think it's loads better . a must see .
positive	this movie almost made me piss my pants . more than once . but seriously , what lies beneath could be the scariest movie i've ever seen . when pfeiffer turned into the decomposed girl in the bathtub as ford was grabbing for her necklace ! holy mother make it stop . . . definitely worth seeing in the theater .
positive	i really like this movie , even though it was not that scary . the way that they would show the things from the movie happening to the people was cool .
positive	face off rules !
positive	i think this will be one of the all time great movie ever made . david lean's yet another masterpiece after the bridge across river kwai . excellent portrayal of a great man lawrence who defies all barriers in uniting the waring arab's under one fold . he makes the foundation of a nation for them . peter'o toole does an extra-ordinary job as lawrence ( unbelievable that this his debut film - how did he miss the academy award ) . anthony quinn , alec guiness and jack hawkins , omar shariff-full credit to their outstanding performance . no wonder it won 7 academy awards . see the restored version and the extra footage . i would recommend this movie as a golden collection .
negative	one of the only films where i walked out of the theatre within half an hour .
negative	national lampoon movies are very rarely ever good . they resort to lowbrow humor which send many running from their vcr ( i could never see a dumb movie like this making it to dvd ) . the acting stink and the jokes smell worse . go away , bad movie !
positive	a masterpiece .
positive	robin williams is hilariuos
positive	engaging , funny , sad , dealing well in both fantasy and reality , 'forest gump' is movie entertainment at its very best . i would even go as far as to say that it's the best film produced since the golden age of hollywood . tom hanks is one of the best actors of our time who has given us one of the most memorable characters on film . i'm glad i wasn't the only one able to see his talent since way back in the 'bosom buddies' days and hope he goes on to make more great movies with great heart like 'forest' .
positive	this is without a doubt my all-time favourite film ( at least until return of the king is released ) . peter jackson took more liberty with the story in this chapter , but the heart of the story is still very evident and the movie flows perfectly . the cgi effects , particularly gollum and treebeard were astounding and competely believable . i was also really impressed with how weta digital used their operation massive program to create the huge scale of the battle of helm's deep . the acting performances were note perfect as well . . . and i was particularly impressed with viggo mortensen . he's truly an old fashioned matinee hero in this film , who just crackles with charisma . john-rhys daveys was also brilliant in bringing comic relieg to the screen through gimli . . . and as well provided the perfect voice for treebeard . the only possible contention i have witht the film is the way in which faramir's character was adapted from the book . he's much harsher in the film , and seems to lose the beautiful , peaceful wisdom that he had in the book . however his role did need to be adjusted to allow for a proper climax to the film and i guess we'll have to wait and see how he develops in the conlusion to the trilogy
positive	keeps you on the edge of your chair
positive	one of the funniest movies of all times . king arthur vs . the black knight is the classic example of a lopsided battle !
positive	easily the best of the john grisham adaptations .
positive	a feel good film . : ) so much better than the shipping news in my opinion .
positive	this is one of the best moives of our time-a beautiful , painful and honest look at the biggest horror in history . spielberg is genius whose heart shines through the entire movie . marvelous actors like liam neeson and ben kingsley just break your heart . it is impossible to not be moved by this film .
positive	the 2003 videohound guide to films available on vhs and dvd says the following : a gentle alien lands on earth to deliver a message of peace and a warning against experimenting with nuclear power . he finds his views echoed by a majority of the population , but not by the ones who are in control . in this account based loosely on the story of christ , michael rennie is the visitor backed by the mighty robot gort . one of the greatest science fiction films of all time .
positive	awsome movie
positive	maybe it's because i grew up with it , but this musical is so whole some and naive ( if you can call a movie that ) . it kind of puts me in an idyllic state . it's kind of like a fairy tale .
positive	this is my favorite movie of all time because it brings hope to the audience in anything they face . the main character is spontaneous and likeable . the movie has a very good climax and surprise to it . it is a feel good movie of the decade . very inspirational .
negative	not funny . i didn't laugh once .
negative	i was expecting a lot from this movie . the graphics were good , but the story was awful . it was slow , boring , and very pointless .
negative	pointless child-like craziness . i could never even begin to imagine that this would ever happen off the silver screen .
negative	gwyneth paltrow should just stop making movies . instead of being a huge waste of time and money .
positive	again , it's not really a comedy . but it's a great fable about modern politics - specifically the beauty and depravity of human nature amplified through the tempest of politics . as dark as the film seems , its really about mixed motives and the tension between idealism and cynicism , romance and realism , and principle and pragmatism . its billed as a slam of the clintons , but actually the portrayals are very humanizing in that there are in fact strong core values obscured by the hypocrisy and corruption . i actually came away liking the clintons more . emma thompson was as usual just dazzling in her versatility , but travolta really impressed me despite the stereotypical depiction . i actually forgot that i was looking at travolta , whereas im usually annoyed with him half way through the film because he normally inserts too much of his own personality into his characters . the supporting cast was superb right down to the minor characters with one or two lines .
positive	this is an absolutely fantastic film that was made in 1975 . it stars al pacino as the main character sonny - he's trying to rob a bank helped by his friend sal in order to pay for his male lovers sex change . he had everything planned out ( or so he thought ) until he finds out that the money had already been removed before he had got there . so he decides to hold the bank clerks and manager hostage and the situation becomes desperate . the local police , led by sergeant moretti ( charles dunning ) try to get the situation under control , but because of sonny's charisma , the general public who are outside support sonny and the whole thing becomes a media circus . you do feel yourself willing sonny and sal to be ok and to live happily ever after , especially when sonny's wife and male lover become involved and you think they are going to get away with it . but it ends so tragically . this is a timeless film and really shows al pacino's magnificance as an actor and the script is amazing . if you are a fan of al pacino and you haven't seen this , i urge you to .
positive	this was a very funny and entertaining movie . i actually like george clooney for a couple of hours .
positive	thinking about taking that chick from logistics to the party . if everything goes right i'm gonna be showing her my oooh face ; you know oooh oooh . ooooh . i love this movie and it still makes me laugh ; even though i have seen it about 50 times .
positive	this one was funnier than the original . fat bastard was hilarious . mike myers does a great job at performing as multiple characters .
positive	rooney ? ! this is ed peterson !
positive	i figured it out pretty early in the movie ( kind of obvious if you think about it ) , but it was still fun to watch it unravel .
positive	very funny . i love the beatles
positive	batman has so many movies . i liked this movie a lot .
positive	best van damme movie but i liked it because im a fan of bolo yeung .
negative	vin disel makes an effort in this awful action thriller , that looks almost like a tv film . a man apart tells the story of a man who loses his wife during a shootout , and then decides to take revenge on the killers . the film drags on for about one hour too long , and the action scenes are overdone . disel is good , but his action skills are hardly anything special .
positive	scariest movie of all time ! they are making a new one and i want to see it .
negative	way too many adult jokes while the animation was pathetic . ( the fish looked like aliens ! ! ! ) overall the worst animated film of the year and quite possibly the worst animated film i ever saw ! ! !
positive	what is to be said about a movie that frightened me back in 70s and still can do so today ? i'll get straight to the point of why this movie worked so perfectly , whereas the sequels ( the exception being aliens ) did not . you actually get to know , and to like the characters . director ridley scott allows you to get acquainted with the 7 crewmembers . we get to see them carry on conversations and interact with each other for nearly 40 minutes . we see them awaken , eat , and work together . we see humor and tension as they socialize . then we see them exterminated one by one by a barely-seen presence known as the alien . we see the pain and hear the dying gasps of kane who unwillingly became the alien host . we see brett helplessly carried away into a ventilation shaft , and dallas without a chance to react in a dark narrow airvent . we see ash the robot betray the crew with their very lives on a heartless company order . we see parker beg lambert to get away as he sacrifices himself . we hear lambert cry and scream in shock and pain . we hold our breath with ripley as she trembles at the sight of the alien in her shuttle . all of this works not only because we know and like this cast of characters but because we only see glimpses of the alien , a biomechanical design out of the psyche of h . r . giger . ridley scott was smart to only show glimpses of the nightmarish creature . it leaves the audience with a gaping void left to the imagination . add the beautiful , eerie music by jerry goldsmith , along with a great screenplay and you've got the perfect formula for a classic horror sci-fi movie that has held its own for 20 years and will continue to do so .
negative	hated this movie . it was like going to a strangers high school reunion and listening to all their old stories . you just don't care about the stories or the people and it's boring .
positive	an amazing and powerful movie . a moving depiction of schizophrenia . well written and well acted . i could almost say that russell crowe is possibly the best actor working today .
positive	morgan freeman is always wonderful . this academy award winner is full of humanity -- what a nice change of pace from so much of hollywood . . .
positive	the coen brothers at their best
positive	excellent , powerful movie . richard burton and elizabeth don't hold anything back as george and martha . they go after each other with everything they got . one of the most volatile couples on screen .
positive	they dont make em like this no more .
positive	very realistic , wonderful acting , and story-line ! also with fairly accurate historical facts !
negative	i love musicals but i simply didn't enjoy this one at all . a big disappointment .
positive	this shouldn't be in sci fi , though it involves no magic . it's really psychological horror . cronenberg , who i'm now convinced was dropped on his head as an infant , does the same thing in another film of his , existenz but with virtual reality . videodrome blurs personal identity and tethers its characters to psychosis with brainwashing videotapes , that ultimately , along with the weird-ass score , create new nauseating depths of perversion . cool film . blondie's in it , and she's cute .
negative	this movie was lame . the whole train station scene was retarded . the french guy got punked out way to easy . neo fights like a sissy in the real world . then we're forced to watch morphus and the crew fly a ship for 2 hrs as the lamer characters defend club zion . the final fight was a dragon ball z rip off and the ending sucked big time . they didn't even explain anything it just ended with the old bag and the architect ( aka colonel sanders ) talking at the park . wtf ? o yeah trinity dies and so does neo . how do you like them apples ?
negative	not scary .
positive	davinci code lite ( in fact , did you catch dr . gates' alias was brown ) . but it was very entertaining and it was an outstanding family film in that my kids learned something by watching it . the on-location scenes , particularly in philadelphia ( hey look kids , i remember that was the place me and louie tunutos got a cheesesteak in 1979 ) , were great . i give it 2 thumbs , 2 big toes and a penis ( the cute blonde curator ) up .
positive	great movie with some awesome visuals . i liked the story as to why the vampires wanted to wipe out the werewolves . but i enjoyed the downfall of the vampire lord most of all . the whole movie was very well done .
positive	it's an even numbered trek movie , so it must be good . that's out of the way . the borg are an excellent , frightening villain , though the borg queen might have been more impressive . first contact with the vulcans on earth was a top ten trek moment . zephrom cochran sure looks different than he did in the original series , but who's paying attention . you have got to admit that the moments where picard gets accused of having an ahab thing for the borg , and when he calls worf a coward were exceptionally cool and well scripted . same as when worf responds by telling him if you were any other man i would kill you where you stand , and the eventual apology in which picard tells worf he's the bravest man he's ever known . data also makes good . the battle for the deflector dish was extremely interesting : i love how worf uses a borg's arm to seal a leak in his space suit . great effects , too .
negative	this movie was absolute tripe , awful ! ! you can tell the story was taken from a well written book and instead of being true to the book it was completely hollywood-ised , where half-way through we were seeing the whose who of hollywood which completely detracted from the movie . nicole kidman is a good actress , but this movie failed to stretch her ability or show any of her growing potential like the hours or the others . the accents were awful , if your getting paid $ 15 million for a movie the least you could do is show some respect to the audiences intelligence and do a convincing southern accent .
positive	seems so real . i wish i was scarface making money .
positive	update ; having seen this excellent film , the soul-love portrayed transcends the sexes of the people involved , and takes us on a human journey of love that , through fear of society's constraints ( not god's ) they are unable to naturally express . to conform , they get married and in the process hurt more people , yet not so much as they are hurting themselves . a film through which you will experience the depth of their love and understand that love is greater than the two protaganists . superbly acted . norainbows , if you didn't understand it , you've got a problem . not only has this film won the top prizes at cannes and venice but the film critics and reviewer's top award . it sounds a cracking good film and can't wait to see it . for those who think it's just a gay film . . well , above all , it's a love film and for those who think it's misrepresentative of cowboys , what do you think went on when guys were up in those mountains on their own ? louie : king kong ! my fears are confirmed that you have a lot of growing up to do , louie .
positive	this movie should be at least top 20 . i thought this movie had everything a great comedy is supposed to have . one of my all time favorites . it was hilarious !
positive	great ! i love star wars !
positive	the second best animation ever made definetly the best disney animation ! : o )
positive	now this boys and girls . . . is horror done right . not only one of the coolest ideas ever ( beat blair witch to the whole fake true story deal by over a decade ) it also presents us with a more realistic horror monster . . . the red neck . you watch this film and tell me you wouldn't be scared poo less if your friends were all being served to you while you are bound at the dinner table in a nasty house that has to smell like sh * t and be approached and taunted by a group of back woods hillbilly cannibals . would it not scare you to be chased through unfamiliar forrests by a maniac weilding a chainsaw and wearing a mask made of human skin ? there is no suspense just pure shock and terror . you see the horror through the eyes of the victims as well as the eyes of the psychos . tobe hooper did a great job with this picture . you can almost taste the putrid air of the leatherface clan's house . you can almost feel the hammer comeing down on the top of your head . it did for meat eating what psycho did for shower taking . a great classic shoker . highly recommend . a hell of a treat .
positive	finally snagged the dvd in order to get a copy that wasn't so severely truncated . this is the flick that started it all for me ; hokey and sexist in places , but the effects ! the krell interior shots carry me away each and every time . breathtaking for youngsters , but a fantastic blast-from-the-past for those who remember it .
positive	this film formed the major part of my childhood . sadly the following films lacked something in my opinion . so many great things in my childhood are based around this film . the acting , the special effects , at the time it was like nothing else .
positive	this is the best movie jackie chan and chris tucker are so funny and i'm glad they r coming out wit a sequel ! !
positive	great ! i think i'll get this one on video when it comes out !
positive	not too often do you get a set of dual performances as great as you get from tom cruise and dustin hoffman in rain man . classic lines abound , and good feelings grow in this movie . i think it ranks close to the best there are .
positive	hilarious watch it . do it do it
positive	i was expecting to enjoy it , but i loved this movie . it was absolutely hilarious , start to finish . i'm pretty picky about the dvds i buy because im broke and cheap , but this is in my collection . everyone in this film is great .
positive	amazing movie , great music , great writing , great acting , great story . . . . and shakespeare is hot
negative	one of the worst movies i've seen this year . pathetic . weak story , weak script , dull characters even though rufus sewell is pretty convincing : he was so hateful i wanted to strangle him . anyway , the sfx are ridiculous , i laughed out loud . it isn't scary at all . . . . sometimes the little girl was quite cool , but it's not enough .
negative	where in the hell is the original haunting on this list ? they have the remake , but not the original ? anyone who prefers this junk instead of the original cannot be called a horror film fan . plain and simple .
positive	i just need to know if erin brockovich ever married george ? i noticed that her name is now erin brockovich-ellis . but , it never tells us anywhere in the movie , or in the credits , what george's last name is .
positive	i didnt think a sequel of a kids movie could outshine the first and this one did . i hope theres a 3
positive	i didn't want to see this movie because nicole kidman sang and acted in it , which i believed that she could do neither . well she has come such a long way since her earlier days of being mrs . tom cruise . she not only held her own , but she had a pleasant singing voice and carried off the part quite well . i like the turn of the century setting with the modern music . the dance sequences were deftly executed and well placed . we started off with the liveliness and joviality of the can can and moved on to the dark , and sexy tango , which tells a story within a story . there was definately lots of eye-candy , but there was solid acting to back it up from all sides . although the basic plot was far from original , ( boy meets girl , etc ) , it was the strenght of the actors who took it far . the tragic ending was very powerful because of mcgregors performance . you felt his pain . if you have to see any of baz lurhman's movies , see this one and spare yourself the pain of the velvet goldmine ( also starring mcgregor ) .
positive	i first saw it in 1948 . i guess you gotta give it a 5 , but how that wimp , ashley , could resist scarlett is beyond me . thomas mitchell is really great in this flick .
positive	i liked the movie because it was a great adventure ! every minute is good , especially when he finds the holy grail .
negative	it seems times not the only thing this film ran out of
positive	this is a great family movie that has everything villians , heroes , and the girl that needs rescued . why i gave it 5 was that it was believable . imagine any of you finding something like that and do you think you could do any better ?
negative	oh my ! everyone says it's such a good movie . i found it plain boring . plus , i didn't understand the meaning . what is the ending supposed to mean ? please someone explain it to me , it seems i'm to dumb to understand .
positive	first class , toungue-in-cheek suspense thriller by the greatest filmmaker of all time ! north by northwest does not deserve to be this low on the list at all ! i would think that such an entertaining movie would top the list !
positive	i think this movie is really cute and touching . the friendship between them was really beautiful .
positive	a sci-fi movie with a message - when sci-fi flicks weren't supposed to have messages . . .
positive	genius ! a very quotable and very funny movie .
positive	the truth is a breath of fresh air , in a liberal lies ifested environment . great docomentary ! ! !
positive	good love story ala romeo juliette , some special effect a little overdone , but still good , interesting plot , therefore will not appeal to total some blood and gore fanatics . good acting and story flow . music fit well . not a movie for small children .
positive	couldn't get any better !
positive	alright , alright , alright ! i think if i hear one more person say that tomas hewitt or leatherface was real , or that this excellent movie was based on some maniac in texas i am gonna go on a chainsaw wielding massacre myself . here s the low down , kids texas chainsaw massacre , psycho , and a dozen other of our favorite horror movies are almost purely ed gein . don t believe me ? you don t have to read the excellent book deviant , which chronicles ed gein s ghastly deeds , and not to be a jerk aurielle , but it was never , ever proven that ed gein ate any of his victims in any way shape or form , he did however , wear their skin , just like our huge buddy leatherface ( but you are right about him only actually killing two people . the dozens of others were already dead ) . the texas chainsaw massacre is purely imagination mixed with headlines taken from ed gein stories . but don t take my word for it i dare you to find a single newspaper clipping or report of some crazed mass murderer from texas chopping up anyone in the last 60 years . however , it s very easy to find loads of information on ed gein , and even more info on how his disgusting acts turned into pop fiction horror movies . that fact alone is enough for me . i m not saying it s impossible that some nut hacked up some kids with a chainsaw in texas , but if it happened , this movie sure as hell ain t based on it . and the whole based on a true story thing ? it s a marketing tool , guys . if the kids think this stuff really happened , maybe it ll fill more seats in the theaters , and oh look , it usually does . but anyway , in closing , i loved this movie and although i didn t find it the least bit scary , i did find it disturbing , moving , and even sad ( the engagement ring thing . . . ouch . . . ) which is better in my opinion . the ending seemed very abrupt and left me with some unresolved tensions , but all in all , it was terrific . but the really scary thing was how ungodly beautiful jessica biel looked in those blue jeans and that cowboy hat . who s with me ?
positive	i don't think it can be noted for a great deal of cinematic brilliance , but it is nonetheless a favorite among people around my age ( 13-19 ) . i must have seen it 35 times . kids just love seeing the idea of a 10-year-old outsmarting two criminal bandits . the physical abuse they endure at the hands of kevin mccallister is the extremely humorous part . also , everyone has been angry at their family and felt left out at one point or another ; but it teaches that you have to look past that and be with your family ( especially during the holiday season ) .
positive	a very scary movie . this is one of the only movies that truly scares me . you have these people trapped out in space , out in the middle of nowhere , with this alien who's menacing and frightening look is only matched by its killer instinct .
positive	i really liked the active involment with the children . the songs were easy and fun to sing to . even when i was younger i sang along with julia .
positive	true holiday classic . it does seem a little old fashioned compared to today's films , but that's also part of its charm .
positive	favor movie ever love it love it love it !
negative	one of the crappiest musicals of all time . based on a totally trivial premise , i . e . , the life of a notorious striptease artist , the only redeeming feature of the story is that it provided a view of that time in american entertainment history when vaudeville faded ( for good reason ) and the first tame steps toward salacious fare surfaced . the songs are terrible . rosalind russell overacts , oversings , overemotes and shouts her way straight through this turkey : instead of coming across as a memorable and remarkable woman , her performance is a flop-sweat approximation of a shrill , pushy , obnoxious , proud , vain , self-centered would-be martyr menopausal biddy . enough to make you puke . natalie wood , usually a fine actress , is miscast in this one , and as a result , isn't too convincing . karl malden puts in his typical stolid , measured workmanlike role , and as such , puts in the best performance . it's a wonder they did a remake of this carwreck : maybe they figured that for once , they could top the original . it wouldn't be difficult . but i hear the remake sucked too . can't make chicken salad out of tuna salad . . .
positive	i can give this movie high ratings because it had a good plot and i liked the whole movie but i thought it was going to be scary . it wasn't . but this is a must see . very good acting done by kim basinger and the little girl .
positive	great movie with some wonderful talented actors . danny glover , whoopi goldberg and oprah winfrey was a natural . the best part was when whoopis character finally stood up to that mean husband of hers . you could only cheer her on as she got stronger
positive	i enjoyed it .
negative	no way should this have beaten traffic for best movie .
negative	like all kubrick films , this movie is completely useless .
positive	one of the greatest concepts in music history . all the credit to pink floyd ( especially roger waters ) for coming up with such an amazing album . from that album , came a blockbuster movie . when i think of allan parker , fame , commitments may come in mind to some . however , this movie outdoes them all as far as parker's directing skills go . truly one for the ages .
negative	will ferrell is one of the worst actors to ever come out of snl , and this movie proves this once again . the script of this movie proves to be very lame , and i did not find one scene remotely funny .
positive	words fail me . i saw this film for the first time , today and i cannot even begin to tell you how absolutely stunning it is . francis ford coppola has gained my vote as one of cinema's greatest filmmakers . the godfather part i and ii are his greatest achievements , but apocalypse now is a tour de force of a movie .
positive	ohhhhh my gosh ! this was such a great movie ! jennifer lopez was really good in it . it was really romantic , yet funny . if you haven't seen it yet , do it now ! ! it was sooooo good !
negative	boring just because for its time it had good camera angles this made on # 1 on the top 100 best films of all time .
positive	top gun was the best fighter movie ever made . the soundtrack to it makes you get an adrenaline rush . the fighter pilots make you feel like you are in the sky .
positive	gilliam's best film . thank god for cable tv in the late '80's , failing it i would not have been able to see this movie like six times , which i needed to finally get my head around it .
positive	don't . . . put . . . the candle . . . back still one of the funnies movies i've ever seen .
positive	a very dark comedy from the early days of films . cary grant provides all the laughs you can supply him with , and the rest of the cast is superb in their supporting roles . the way they make fun of the whole idea of killing people is almost scary . definitely see this masterpiece .
positive	i loved this movie , not only was it filled with the comic greatness that the screenplay provided but it was well acted and indeed deserved that oscar .
positive	very entertaining !
positive	i loved this cute , funny , adventurous movie . the first one as well is one of my favorite family films . i think my favorite character this time around was puss-n-boots ! what a riot he was . one of the best scenes was when he made that cute helpless face where his eyes got all big and he put his ears back . lol the whole audience said awwwwwww . . . when he did that . antonio banderas was really good as his voice . the fairy godmother was intriguing too . i was really amazed at how realistic their facial expressions were , especially hers . and that arrogant prince charming was alright . donkey was his usual self . this was cute . . . ; - )
positive	aliens was by far the best of the alien series . it showed more aliens was more gruesome than the others . it was truly a thriller !
positive	nick park and his powers of imagination is an inspiration to us all . thank goodness there are still people who believe in using their minds and reaching for the highest point of comedy instead of the lowest . sure , chicken run isn't for everyone , but my kids love it and i did and it was nice to watch something together and laugh and have fun .
negative	you couldn't pay me to see this crap
negative	i joyfully pass on all the potter garbage , books and movies .
negative	horrible remake of a kids cartoon that needed no such treatment . it expanded the 'grinch' universe . it just speaks to the arrogance of hollywood . the notion that they could do something like this is appaulling that did not need doing either . jim carrey plays him ok , but not what it should have been . they should learn from their mistakes and not do things like this . twenty-two minutes is just right for the dr . seuss classic .
positive	
positive	you know , when you don't have the toilet paper throwing and screaming , and can actually hear the lines , you discover that there's actually some very clever satire that plays on old science fiction and horror movies . sort of an early ms3000 type humor put into a film rather than beside it . and the songs always ring through my head , especially the half naked susan sarandan singing " touchatouchatouchatouchatouch meee . . . . " well , the image anyway .
negative	a movie for geriatrics . old people who get a renewed vigor due to sucking the life force of a couple of unhatched aliens . this is supposed to be an uplifting film ? probably the biggest and worst oversight is that with all the renewed vigor , they still have thin , old , disgusting bodies they you to frolic with . gross !
positive	i love to dance and i found this movie very good at showing the effort to learn to dance . i also really have wanted to see an actually take of a cuban mambo . im not quite sure it was entirely correct but it was pretty close .
positive	c'mon . see it with your kids . i did . they laughed all the way through it and i must say , it was contagious . for those complaining about wasting their 7 bucks or walking out of the theatre . . . i hope you have a miserable time camping out waiting for the new star wars movie to open . you buncha goofy goobers ! !
positive	awsome plot funny , makes you crie its great
negative	incredibly stupid movie . i can't believe anyone would pay to see this , let alone believe anyone would get paid to make crap like this . about fifteen minutes was all i could take . usually i can make myself sit through a movie like this , but even i have my limits . complete waste of time .
positive	robin williams is an overactor , but he does it w / such great ease . but , he was the ugliest woman that i have ever seen except for patrick swayze , wesley snipes and john leguizamo in to wong foo . . .
positive	this is one of my favourite movies . i've seen it a million times and i never get sick of it . all of the actors in this movie do a great job and the movie keeps your attention all the way through . definitely worth seeing .
positive	one of my favorite movies of all time . de nero plays a convincing intimidating dad ( wouldn't you be ? ) , and ben stiller plays a great goofball who only wants to do the right thing .
positive	the best disney movie ever . i never laughed that hard in a movie . dori is just hilarious . ellen degeneres did an outstanding job . i hope that they'll do a second one . this is not just a movie for kids , it is for the whole family . and i usually don't care for disney movies .
negative	this is one of the most irritating movie ever . i think jim carrey need not to act crazy and get the attention of all viewers .
positive	the only funny matthew broderick movie i've ever seen .
positive	naturalistic and suspensefull as hell . john boorman's one great movie , as far as i know . stellar work from john voight , ned beatty and burt reynolds , of all things .
negative	really , really bad film . the older it gets the dumber it seems .
positive	one of my favorite films . this is truly a haunting masterpiece . kubrick ended his career triumphantly . i think it is intense and dreamlike , and i liked the use of unique lighting . the movie was exceptionally unsettling , and i liked the direction and setting , although slowly paced .
positive	real horror , especially since this is the type of situation that really could happen . kathy bates is brilliant as an insane and obsessed fan from hell in this well made film . it is also noteworthy for the role-reversal of the usual psyhco / victim genders .
positive	chilling and totally mesmering film offers top-notch performers , and the best cinemotography in years . kudos to jodie foster for the most melodramatic , but likable performance of the year .
positive	awesome movie . outstanding vocal preformance by john goodman and david spade . very funny . good for all ages . it was type funny son .
positive	whatever john malkovich is in always turns out great . shadow of the vampire isn't your everyday giant budget jump out of your pants horror flick . shadow of the vampire takes you behind the making of nosferateu . of course nosferateu is played by william dafoe who believe it or not should get nominated for an oscar . i have seen so many vampire movies and horror movies having to do with vampires but you really got into his character . he did an excellent job portraying a dark figure with a little of comedy . in the shadow of the vampire malkovich again hits us with a brillant performance in which he plays the director of the original movie nosferateu . when the movie ends you don't know weather to love him or hate him . excellent movie . search down a theatre to find where it plays because its definetly a movie all people must see if you appreciate excellent acting .
positive	this movie perhaps was good to me because of my interest in the special population ( ie those with disorders / handicaps or disabilities ) . i work w / autistic individuals and the movie was an excellent portrayal of what these people are like .
positive	i enjoyed this flick , but i realize that it was not exactly historical . i enjoy it for the spirit of nationalism that it helped contribute to the scots . king edward was a fright and i think he is portrayed quite accurately . the defenestration scene of his son's advisor is priceless .
positive	cameron's first masterpiece , proved that he was a likely contender with already-appreciated directors like spielberg or scorsese . the man made arnold the star that he is . and , made several more unforgettable classics along side the superstar . why-o-why can't cameron and arnold get together to do true lies 2 ? i know that terminator 3 can't add up to it's predecessors without these two icons of film . terminator , the original has impressive effects given it's 6 million dollar budget , and for the times in which it was made . they didn't have the matrix effects yet ( sarcastic ) . but , you people have to realize cameron revolutionize effects enough so that they could actually make the matrix . action , like most of cameron movies is relentless and intense . . . as it should be . comedy , subtle but all also can be sinister . romance and nudity , as most of these kind of movies should have ( which adds to the story instead of dipletes the integrity ) . this is the model for every action picture since , that i've seen at least .
positive	the atmosphere and the music is so inspiring . with the brilliant acting the one that started the whole slasher genre and terrifying music .
positive	best film of the trilogy . this has a great story . although unoriginal now it has the greatest twist of all the films - arnold is the good guy .
positive	gone with the wind depicts a bygone era of grace and charm of the old south . while the love story was intermixed with the civil war , it shows how women had to be strong to survive . scarlette was the epitomy of all the grace , charm and slyness of women back then . her devilish charm won many hearts and i wish for a short time . . . we could all experience that period of time .
positive	epic . great story . viggo mortenson and omar sharif are fantastic . go see it .
positive	love this movie ! ! ! while it definitely takes a serious slant on history , it is fun to watch .
positive	adam sandler is hilarious and i loved this movie ! my favorite scenes have to be when he was singing into the intercom that went to the outside of his apartment i wanna kiss you all over and the old chinese lady came up and you think that is funny but then they show him running out the next morning and she is wearing his shirt and says hey you don't want breakfast ? ! then you think gross ! also when he sends his grandmother to a retirement home and ben stiller plays the man in charge of the retirement home and he makes the grandmother's sew quilts so he can sell them ! ! !
positive	oh my god i grew up with this movie
positive	what can i say about this movie that hasn't been said already ? it's an absolutely brilliant film , and everyone that took a part in making it should be praised and applauded .
positive	i thought this movie was great . i liked the whole movie . i didn't fall asleep once .
positive	a great movie . probably the funniest i have ever seen . i love the coconut bit and the french taunting . your mother was a hamster , and your father smelt of elderberries !
negative	video games should never be made into movies . look at super mario brothers .
positive	i loved this movie . all the references to past movies and cameos made it really funny and interesting for me .
positive	a great movie to watch over and over !
negative	what an overrated film !
positive	this movie is hardcore . heads were blown off , zombies were blown up and they shot a baby in the face . and its all topped off with some frontal nudity . it is the greatest zombie related movie ever . its what resident evil should have been .
positive	of all the lotr movies , i wouold have to say this one is my favorite . if i can sit through this movies 5 times and not get tired of it , you know i must love it . and it's not just because of orlando's eye shot closeup in fangorn forest . although that did keep me on the edge of my seat for about 5 minutes afterwards . ( that was when i was obsessed with him , which i'm not anymore by the way ) this one definetly has the best battle scene . the batle at helms deep is amazingly crafted . it took them a long time to build that set . i think they said about 7 months . and then it gets destroyed ! talk about hard work gone before your eyes ! but it's all worth it . my favorite 2 lines from the battle scene . 1st , from legolas talking to gimli when he can't see . gimliwhat's happening ? legolasshall i describe it to you , or would you like me to find you a box ? . my second favorite , again from gimli and legolas . when their fighting the orcs and such , gimli leoglas ! two already ! leoglas i'm on 17 ! gimli argh ! i'll have no pointy ear outscoring me ! legolas19 ! it's hilarious ! ya , i know , i'm a die-hard fan !
negative	boring homosexual promotion .
positive	excellent stuff . tarantino should take tips from this on how to make a quality action thriller . top performances all around . as for the comment from jerricabenton . . . yeah . . sure you had it all figured out ! !
positive	i saw this here movie just last night at one of them there dollar theaturs in my town and i got to say i think it was just a great movie . i am a big big fan of david duchovny so i was real excited to see him in this movie . and it is so funny . and it is just real intennse . and i liked it so much and cant even wate to get this movie on video . i aslo liked the make 7up yours guy that was in the movie . the aliens were kind of scarey but not nearly as scarey as the ones i seen in real life back in 98 .
positive	traffic was amazing ! ! ! ! ! the peoplw who you thought couldn't act , surprise , they can . michael douglas is my hero . i loved this movie it was pure genious . and anyone who trys to compare this movie to the general's daughter , will have to deal with me . if you havent seen it go see it . i am in love with traffic .
negative	stupid !
positive	classic , classic , classic . gene kelly was just wonderful in this movie . something about him in this movie is just so charasmatic and really draws you into the story of the movie . perhaps the best scene was of gene kelly tapping and singing down the street in the rain . it's one of those scenes you never forget and always makes you smile . all of the dancing and singing was great , and donald o'connor was hilarious , as usual . the chemistry between reynolds and kelly was real and not forced which just made their performances that much better . but best of all , this musical actually had a plot . a real , substantial plot . from a musical , can you imagine .
negative	just see the first one . the other two are like a bunch of saturday night live sketches lumped together and dragged out as much as humanly possible . the biggest laugh was when ozzy osborne was shown , just for how dated the movie will be in a few years . the first one was funny and original , they should have just left it alone after that .
positive	this story has a moral to it , sf veterans should not be messed around with . sly was awesome and the town got totally f'd up , that sherif was a prick , and trautmans uniform was all wrong . but oh well i didnt catch it the fist few times .
negative	'clueless' . . . how appropriate . . . seems the producers knew it from the beginning . . . any you airheads rating this movie great : of 10 million sperm , you were the faster ? ? ? ?
negative	although the thought of passengers in space is cool , the film is boring , tedious and just plain unimaginative . compared to the brilliance found in the various star trek incarnations , 2001 seems grounded in a sort of reality . also , long portions of the film drag on without any humor , action , or dialogue . i just can't watch this film without getting sleepy .
positive	this movie is great for many reasons . many of the things that make this movie great don't stand out very well by today's standards . but , if you look at the time it was made , this movie truly shines . first , one of the main characters is black . he is one of the heroes of the movie . and this is in a movie with one of the greatest actors of the era , humphrey bogart . also , other than sam , the intentions of the other characters are all rather ambiguous . one moment you'll see bogie handing his friend over to the nazis , next he's smuggling polish rebels to american . the good guys aren't so good , the bad guys aren't so bad , and some you just can't tell . there were no shining heroes or slimy villians , just the gray that occupies the large space between them . in an era where all the heroes had to be pure , this movie went against the grain .
positive	i seen this movie this afternoon . and itr was worth every penny .
positive	i saw this movie a little while ago and it's hella good . you never know what's going to happen . it had shocking and off guard parts . i think this movie is worth seeing twice .
positive	i love this movie . there are few more satisfying plots than that of a wrongfully accused person who is vindicated and earns the respect of the hard-nosed cop trying to chase him down . the performances were all great , and the dialogue possessed a gritty real-life quality i found refreshing . one minor irritant : it is of course absurd that ford would wait until after being convicted to track down the one-arm man via his mechanical arm . not that he had to bother : the movie revealed that chicago pd interviewed the murderer during their initial investigation . all they would have had to do is show ford his picture and he would have identified him ( the craggy-faced man only disguised himself with a wig for heaven's sake ) . ( i also wonder how the murderer got 13 people to verify he was out of town when he wasn't , but no matter . ) also , since the lack of forced entry into the apartment was a big issue , the first question someone would have asked was if somebody might have had a key . bingo -- dr . nichols borrowed the car , even phoned the murderer from it . oh well . if they had been so logical we wouldn't have had a gripping , highly entertaining movie . that would been a far bigger irritant .
positive	an intelligent film not really a horror film rather more of a thriller with alot of suspense thrown in . still it manages to scare you on a thinking level . pretty good preformances . i've only just seen this film less than a year ago and really enjoyed it . loved the brit eklund dancing scene very arousing especially if consider it from the constable's point of view with all his repression and such . nicely done scene .
negative	www . fear . com / sucksbigmonkeynuts . html
positive	a beauty of a film . acting first class and spacey is terrific from start to finish . his mentor jack lemmon would be proud . directing is superb from debutant mendes . music brilliant .
positive	great series . one of my all time favorites as a kid . good music . hella scary story . everyone was good . acting was good . all time classic horror movie .
positive	tom hanks is great as a lawyer who has aids he hides it as long as he can until the symptoms become more obvious , when his lawfirm finds out they fire him . he hires a lawyer well played by denzel washington to defend him . shows the prejudice and ignorance those have against people who have aids . very well done movie . and a tear jerker at times .
positive	i think it is a totally awesome movie ! alicia is great and i hav 2 give snaps 2 stacy an donald they were so funnyyo whats up u jeepin behind my back ? ha
negative	ignorance . anyone who wastes money even renting this movie should do a serious mental evaluation .
positive	a pleasant and welcome return of sam raimi to films dealing with the supernatural . this in my opinion was on of the best films of the year . with blistering good performances from an all star ensemble cast , this movie really packs a heavy punch . of course cate blanchette steals the show in an as always genious performance as a widowed mother of three young boys in southern alabama ( i think ) . she makes money by giving people readings . she gives these by using a deck of cards that have different symboles on the face side . she starts to have strange visions during the day and while she sleeps that there is some foul play going on in her little town . this film is propleeled by it's great performance , uncanny ability to keep the story up to speed and thought provoking and its beautiful directing by a true master , sam raimi . the cast includes such talents as greg kinnear , hillary swank , katie holmes , keanu reeves ( exibiting acting abilities that must have been hidden for all these years ) and the second best performance in the movie coming from a very under rated actor giovanni ribisi . his performance in this movie is captivating and very real . a well done , naturalistic murder mystery / supernatural thriller . highly highly recommended . if you like brilliant acting , story telling and great film making treat yourself to a very good little sleeper .
positive	it's a top , top , top , top notch movie ! !
positive	great movie ! it kept you laughing throughout the whole movie .
negative	bite my shiney metal arse .
positive	written and directed by sly stallone it provided an in depth look at the struggle of italians in the 80's . an epic movie that started the equally epic series .
positive	i loved this movie ever since i was a kid . i loved my bike too so i could relate to pee-wee .
negative	this movie is no even funny
positive	i'm going to show her my ohhh face . . . . ohhh , ohhh , ohhh
negative	with star wars , george lucas turned the film industry on its head . with phantom menace , george lucas joined the rest of the film industry in its superficial marketing-fest . phantom menace does not have the uncorrupted feel of ( the original 1977 version of ) star wars . episode i takes itself far too seriously . it has no wit , no great chemistry between the stars , and hardly any character development . the actors do very little to create sympathy . all that and barely enough plot to fill a midichlorian's left nostril . but what about all the great inside jokes ? i hear you whine . what about them ? if i want a bunch of gratuitous inside jokes , i'll watch the latest disney movie .
positive	kind of stupid but it defined a generation , funny , funny stuff . sandler's best work ! good movie
positive	it was soooo funny i saw it the first day it came out and then two days later !
positive	i love the storyline .
positive	not only is it a thriller , but it's also for families . my younger siblings loved it . great for families . just enough action , comedy and love story . almost a chick flick .
negative	rutger hauer is a cyborg warrior who helps earth fight for its existence in an apocalyptic scenario . avoid at all costs !
positive	plain out , great movie . i loved every aspect of it , and the acting was all very well done . johnny depp portrayed jack sparrow very well , as did orlnado bloom as will .
positive	in the mood for something truly disturbing tonight ? then you should check out the texas chainsaw massacre . tobe hooper's horror masterpeice , the texas chainsaw massacre is one of the most influential horror movies ever made . this is the story of 5 youth and there afternoon drive turning into a gory , hellish night of terror and murder . this is the movie that brought us leatherface , played by gunner hansen , one of the most intersting and well . . bad-ass characters ever imagined . so come with leatherface and his red-neck , cannibalistic family down to thier house for dinner , the main course , you ! and maybe you can play let-grampa-beat-you-in-the-head with a hammer and other fun party games brought to you by the family . i only wish i was around when this movie was in theatres . one of the most disturbing and oringinal horror movies ever made . this is the definition of raw horror . a milestone in horror movie history . this is a must see for any true horror fans out there .
positive	they are so funny ! they just crack me up everytime !
negative	ugh . what an amazing disappointment ! there's nothing worse than going to see a movie you expected was going to be good , and it all ends up blowing in your face like a bomb . i cannot believe i saw this completely crappy and pointless movie . i'm sorry if i'm being crude here , but it was just so disappointing to see leo make a fool out of himself . i paid 5 freaking bucks to 1 . ) have all my friends make a joke out of me for about a week ( because i was the one who made them go see it ) . 2 . ) have no one at all trust me when i would say hey , this movie looks good let's go see it ! ( no matter what movie i was reffering to ) . and 3 . ) have to sit for about 2 hours that seemed to be the longest of all my life , to discover i had just made a fool out of myself by actually dragging my friends along ( atleast if i wouldn't have , i would have been the only one suffering ) . the movie made me feel crappy and unwanted . can't describe it anymore ! it deserves a 0 . 1 , but the lowest was a 1 , so i'll just have to compromise !
negative	this movie was sooo stupid ! i dont like martin shean . this movie was nasty .
positive	it is definately a movie to watch with the family . i found it to be very entertaining and witty at times , and nicholas cage , as always gave an awesome performance . i really enjoyed watching cage's character change throughout the film , going from the rich snobbish playboy to the family man . it is definately one worth seeing .
positive	for good vs . evil , special effects and the cast , spiderman ii is tough to beat .
positive	rosemary's baby is terrific . mia farrow was great
positive	this movie was entirely misunderstood by a lot of critics and most of the public at large . i found it to be a brilliant experiment in acting and use of innovative camera techniques . it isn't a film for the uneducated masses who like hollywood slop delivered to them in neat little packages . it makes you ponder and listen carefully to what is being shown on screen . it is complex and multi-layered in its approach . the acting of david hyde pierce is exquisite and his character is definitely the heart of the piece . catherine keener and mary mccormick are also great in this film . steven soderburgh is one of the most talented directors in the business and full frontal will some day be recognised as the masterpiece it really is .
positive	this is an excellent movie about friendship . it's what you'd expect from stephen king . the soundtrack is simply perfect . probably the greatest soundtrack any movie could ever have .
positive	i thought this movie was awesome ! definitly matt's best character . i read the book and they are both great . the director did a great job telling the story !
negative	lmao at star wars . star wars sucks
positive	i thoroughly enjoyed this movie - in large part because of its uniqueness . i have not had the opportunity to see a lot of films from the martial arts genre , and i have to admit , i was not expecting the depth that this movie delivered . the cinematography was amazing , the gravity defying fight scenes were possibly the best that i have ever seen , and the characters were compelling . this movie delivers comedy , romance , and action in a very non-traditional way - i don't think you will be disappointed .
positive	again , steven spielberg has triumphed . he is a shockingly creative man , to take one war and create two masterpieces , emotionally charged , star-studded , brutally realistic , sparing no expense . this man makes beautiful movies . a wide range of people can enjoy and appreciate this movie--veterans of this war , veterans of any war , students studying wartime , children of veterans , adults who knew someone who knew someone who died in the war , etc . this movie epitomizes the unbelievable sacrifice made time and again by our countrymen to keep our country and this world free . this movie has the power to make young people of peacetime appreciate the turmoil of people their age in wartime . superbly acted , as spielberg makes sure all his films are , though damon's part is comparatively small , it is remarkably memorable , his fresh-faced youth almost painful to see amongst such rubble and conflict . as he speaks of better times with his dead brothers , it is heartbreaking . tom hanks , one of the acting greats of our time , delivers an oscar-worthy performance , and i believe he speaks to the nation when he tells private james ryan to earn it .
positive	at the very beginning of the picture the camera moves ( or appears to move ) through the trees and the changing perspective of the branches gives a 3-d effect . the sheer beauty of these images is breathtaking . then the characters are introduced . thumper's delicious southern accent and mannerisms , flower's modesty ( you can call me flower if you want to ) , and the antics of the minor characters - all combine in a rich mixture of images . and then there is the music - little april showers - a lovely musical arrangement and superbly sung . and all this without a mention so far of the tear-jerking plot . this wonderful film surely deserves its 5 stars .
negative	needs more asian male actors
positive	needs to be in the top 5 . hilarious movie . as a golf caddy i really can relate to the movie . this movie is timeless and the replay value is infinite . danny : i thought you said winning wasn't everything ? ty : me , no . you , do . danny : good grammer ty . -or- dangerfield : that kangaroo stole my ball !
positive	it was the scariest movie i ever saw . it had a totally original idea which still scares me to this day . very good cast as well . that old man was really creepy .
positive	a really great / funny movie . one of jim carrey's best . i highly recommend it .
positive	i gave this movie a five because the graphics were so cool . the part when he was climbing on the mountain in the beginning looked real . the martial art moves that tom cruise does is amazing .
positive	the scariest movie i've seen in a long time .
positive	this movie is more than great , it's genius . not so much spooky as funny this movie will keep you lauging . and the suprisingly catchy phrases of ash are great . basically a remake of the first evil dead , ash returns to the same cabin in the woods . one of my personal favorites . watch this with return of the living dead and a big donut .
positive	love sandra bullock
negative	unfortunately , jason didn't go to hell and this far gone series is still churning out senseless sequels .
positive	i really enjoyed this movie . mostly i enjoyed the well fleshed out characterizations . for instance , even when you really hated the father for being so abusive to billy or the brother for being so angry , once you have a chance to know their situation you still manage to have sympathy for them . and though billy is portrayed as a likeable kid , they didn t try to make him a perfect angel either which did nothing to turn you against him and had everything to do with making him believable . the cast was terrific from poor old grandma to billy s friend down the street . the only thing in the movie that did not seem to ring completely true was that billy became a star of the ballet regardless of the fact that most ballet dancers begin at around the age of 3 and billy but did not start taking lessons until he was nearly in his teens . but i guess the whole point was that this was a prodigal who beat the odds - and in more ways than one .
positive	a movie that makes you think . no formula here , excellent plot twist at the end . for those looking for the regular mix of gunplay and explosions , this movie won't disappoint .
positive	my favorite disney movie , along with lilo & stitch . i remember seeing it in theatres all the way back in december 2001 , it is hilarious !
positive	i loved this movie ! i found it original and fresh with marvelous actors like christian bale and a uniqur storyline .
positive	this movie is great for kids as well as adults . the mouse is great as an actor and character .
positive	written , directed and staring roman polanski , this nightmare will find the paranoia in any viewer
positive	this movie was so sad . i must have seen it at least ten times and i still cry . the music is good . i don't know if i would have been able to survive in that time period as a woman . whoopi did a fabulous job . this movie makes me hate men . it brings out a lot of emotions . very powerful .
negative	really butt awful . think of all the hungry poor people we could've fed with the money they spent on this turkey .
positive	i thought this movie was hilarious . anybody who is a fan of will ferrell's snl days will really enjoy this film .
positive	it may not have been historically accurate in every detail but this film did an excellent job in capturing the essence of a righteous cause and the valor and honesty of the great scottish hero william wallace . i have not been so completely moved , excited or entertained by a film in many years . mel gibson was at his very best portraying wallace as the strong , determined , kindhearted man and somewhat reluctant hero . it was thrilling to experience for the first time on the big screen and definitely a must have for my personal video collection . if you want to know more about the real william wallace , read john mackay s book ( william wallace brave heart ) . if you want to experience the pure excitement of both the myth and legend watch the future movie classic braveheart !
positive	one of my all time favorite movies . the end was my favorite part . it was the most realistic scene of someone going to heaven i ever saw . very emotional and very good .
positive	totally superb . filmmaking at its best . this movie totally deserves the oscar for picture of the year . anyone who thinks its boring have no good taste .
positive	this song always reminds me of my childhood .
positive	i grew up with this movie and for a child a sweet happy ending movie is just fine . as i grew up , i still appreciate what this movie taught me when the lord closes a door , somewhere he opens a window . as a true story made sweeter , it gives the viewer hope against our enemies .
positive	the quintessential clint eastwood movie . a great script , excellent direction and one of the all-time loathesome villians . the scene where the villain pays someone to beat him up is worth the price of the rental all by itself .
positive	i love this movie . sean penn and michelle pffifer are knockouts , and the screenplay is heartbreaking .
positive	rightly one of the scariest movies of all time . no other film instills fear and lonliness in the viewer like this picture . i nearly soiled myself when the alien's hand shot out of the wall or when it pops out of that guys chest .
positive	it's just a game , focker ! are you kidding me ? this was one hell of a funny movie . who gives a rats ass about the story , it's not the freaking godfather , you morons . it's a comedy , it's suppose to make you laugh and it sure as hell made me many times over .
positive	this movie is absolutely my favorite gangster movie . it's a great storyteller that doesn't lose you at all . it's a 2 1 / 2 hour movie that doesn't even feel like one because it keeps you in so much suspense . i love it . every actor played a vital role in this movie .
negative	never even consider renting this movie - it's terrible . harrison ford made a rare mistake and agreed to work with a terrible script and one of the most annoying actresses ever ( melanie griffith ) . actually , now that i think about it , he made the same mistake with 6 days , 7 nights . anyway , this movie is a joke and isn't even worth tearing apart .
negative	as if the first one wasn't bad enough .
positive	count on a ripping story . count of a first rate cast that brings the characters alive . count of beautiful locations that are feast for the eyes . count on solid and creative direction . count on the count of monte cristo .
positive	roman holiday is a harmless classic on the verge of being classified a comedy . it is the story of a princess who , unhappy with her present life , decides to try out the rest of the world . an excellent entertainer !
negative	this has to be the worst horror movie i've ever seen ! i wasn't scared once , i didn't care about any of the characters and the killer was laughable . i was just sitting there thinking : is this it ? is this considered to be one of the greatest ever ? when nothing nothing interesting ever happened . nope i'd rather watch the dentist 2 again .
positive	this was a very funny movie with a great cast . tommy lee jones and will smith worked great together . i thought the story was very original and the script was witty and good .
negative	more will smith drivel .
positive	an absolute must see movie ! the glory of cinema !
positive	the best movie ever made ! ! !
positive	one of the best films ever made . the technology used in filming was revolutionary at the time . beautiful performances by bogart and bergman . the film is well put together and enjoyable .
positive	i thought it was funny .
positive	when someone told me this was the best gangster film ever written i laughed in their face . once i watched it , my mouth literally hit the floor as i heard my laughter come back to haunt me in what i can only describe as a resounding i told you so . this film is near genius accompanied with perfect casting , clear settings and a now very familiar famous soundtrack this all aids a very detailed account of the corleone family , especially the don who serves as the main patriarch of the family he loves whilst trying to balance the criminal instinct inside . we don't get to see the real don corleone until the godfather part 2 - played brilliantly by robert deniro . definitely worth watching .
negative	yuck .
positive	very scary !
positive	i thought braveheart was great b / c it was full of action and the plot had accurate details about what was going on at that time
positive	i love this movie . it wasn't really horror , more like action . it made me wanna be a vampire .
negative	although the movie is nearly devoid of objectionable content ( aside from the occasional profanity ) , there are two things that absolutely destroy the movie . first , the songs are extremely grating and annoying . second , the sexism in this production is outrageous . no more is this obvious than the shockingly-inappropirate ending . the ending is completely different than the short story , pygmmalion , that this 1964 movie is based on . i just can't recommend this production .
negative	although the movie is nearly devoid of objectionable content ( aside from the occasional profanity ) , there are two things that absolutely destroy the movie . first , the songs are extremely grating and annoying . second , the sexism in this production is outrageous . no more is this obvious than the shockingly-inappropirate ending . the ending is completely different than the short story , pygmmalion , that this 1964 movie is based on . i just can't recommend this production .
positive	it amazes me people don't like this movie because it is stupid . what were you expecting when you watched a movie with bill murray , chevy chase , and rodney dangerfield , an intellectual genius of a comedy ? this movie was great , and i think very underrated in terms of all time comedies .
positive	colin farrell -- makes the hwole thing work : d
negative	i don't know why this movie was such a big hit , it was gay .
positive	better than the original . the fight scenes were awesome and the reapers werecreepy and origional . the reaper epidemic shows you what happens when you try to play god without getting too preachy like jurassic park .
negative	after just reading the book , i thought the movie deleted too many essential characters and left out too many important facts that would have explained things in the movie . the movie seemed out of kelter with the book in several spots , almost as if they had to put them in the movie but not in the order they were in the book . overall , the movie just plain sucked . the actress that played clarice starling was horrible . i think if joddie foster had played in it , her abilities would have been so much better . the entire movie seemed like a clinical manual void of the emotion and horror that fuled the first movie .
negative	you are joking right ? what kind of people watch this nonsense ? how do movies like this get the $ 20 , 000 that it cost to make ?
positive	scary and realistic . good graphics . a horror classic . story was good , and creepy from beginning to end .
positive	wow ! what an entertaining movie . i simply don't understand the people who don't like this movie , but i'll bet to a person they voted for clinton . it is a roughly accurate historical portrayal of oppressive english colonialism , and the heroic efforts that were undertaken by the oppressed ( scots ) . the violence was graphic , but certainly in line with the reality of that time . gibson did a great job on both sides of the camera . good mix of comedy ( irish character , stephen ) and romance . i can understand those who say that this movie isn't their cup of tea , but anyone who calls it a bad movie has other motives .
positive	well , they did it again . toy story 2 is just as enchanting and wonderful as the first with great one-liners , and is just brilliant . the animation makes it awesome as well . if you liked toy story , you'll like this . see it now . summary : the sequel to toy story is just as enchanting and wonderful .
positive	go see it !
positive	the booooommmmmm
positive	absolutely fantastic . i studied media at college and developed a taste for foreign films and i had read the critics reviews and it was outstanding . so i went to the cinema and watched . it totally grabbed my attention due to the camerawork and style . the part i love best is where she runs past particular people and you see snapshots of what happen to them in the future and it changes with every senario that happens to lola . i now have the film on dvd and i highly recommend it .
negative	what a piece of formulatic crap . this movie is just another example that hollywood has run out of ideas . it serves no purpose other that to have talentless actors showcase their bland personalities in a badly written script , and to highlight current rap music that no one will remember in 5 years ( except missy elliot ) . the dancing is nothing new , and the plot is overused . this will probably make some impact at the box office , but that just goes to show the intelligence of the movie going public . i know this isn't supposed to be art , but formula movies should show some effort to be unique and different
positive	i cannot remember laughing so hard from watching a movie in years ! this was a truly original romantic comedy . i recommend this movie to everyone !
positive	what a great movie this is . i haven't seen it in a long time , but i remember it being one creepy flick . . . two scenes in particular really scared me - the one where c . thomas howell looks out of the car he is riding in to see rutger hauer riding in a station wagon with a family , with kids sitting on his lap . . . you just know that something terrible is going to happen . the most memorable scene from the movie may have been c . thomas howell getting an order of fries at the diner only to find . . . . well , i won't give it away . very scary , very well done movie .
positive	the first time i saw it , it freaked me out !
positive	i can't belive that nobody gave this 5 stars this movie is awesome ! ! lon chaney gave a great performance ! it was one of the best performances ever given ! ! i love this movie and i've watched it several times , it never gets old it's so fun to watch lon chaney as the phantom ! and i like the setting of the movie , the paris opera is beautiful ! it's a great flim ! it deserves 5 stars ! lon chaney is one of the greatest actors that ever lived !
negative	third-rate remake of a truly great original movie . tom hanks put in his usual unconvincing performance , and in this case , that bogus southern accent he tortured the audience with was really annoying . crass , broad , vulgar attempt at humor . peter sellers and alec guinness must be thrashing about wildly in their tombs .
positive	everyone loves the italian stallion . it is a great story of how the underdog can rise up and become the champion of the world , even beating mr . t and the russian .
negative	it's time to bury jason once & for all . and this time don't resurrect him . i'd rather stick my head in a grabage can and inhale deeply than sit through another movie like this . cheesy , cheap & pointless . we have the usual nearly naked girls , some teasing throw in with the slicing and dicing by jason . i know it's a free country , but we ought to consider a law banning sequels like this .
positive	i went to dr on vacation , and when i went to my room , i turned on the tv and refused to face the 80 degree temperature until this movie was over .
negative	what a joke . this was the stupidest movie with the worst music . clooney is good at picking the worst movies to act in .
positive	it's stanley kubrik's best film
positive	a lot of people will tell you this is the greatest movie ever made -- for once they're right . i won't attempt to dissect the film , others have done that far better than i could . i will only state that it is a great story that could not have been told in a more brilliant or insightful manner . some people will see this and simply not understand it . for them , i truly feel sorry . this is a masterpiece .
positive	five stars ? surely you can't be serious . i am serious . and stop calling me shirley . one of those movies that's so painful , it's good .
positive	even when i see natalie portman in films such as star wars ii , i still think of her as an execeptionally sweet little girl in 'leon' . directed by luc besson , starring the above natalie , jean reno , gary oldman . this is a story of mathilda who is orphaned by twisted cop gary oldman who kills his family because of some missing cocaine that her father was taking care of . mathilda is taken in by leon and a beautiful relationship between the two characters grow . leon is a hitman who is extremely childlike and simple . he kills without thinking , but takes great care in looking after his pot plant . mathilda wants to become a 'cleaner' like leon so she can revenge her little brothers death - but ends up in trouble herself and leon saves her . i won't ruin it for you by telling you exactly what happens - you'll have to watch it yourself . this is a beautiful simple film - quite timeless .
positive	great movie ! very funny and a unique topic . not stupid funny the way a lot of movies are trying to be . quality humor .
positive	little funny parts in it , but i give this one a 5 star becuase its just a movie you can watch 3 billion times and still enjoy it .
negative	almost as funny as final destination . this is one of those movies that make you think don't people bleed after getting stabbed ? . if you're one of those people that think this was a worthless piece of crap . than i'm proud to say that you're smarter than the jack ass that made the movie .
positive	i loved this movie , cute and funny . ashley judd & hugh jackman had great chemistry . . .
positive	the sleekiest of film noirs and deliciously twisted all the way to the end , an excellent mystery . gene tierney ( laura ) is beautiful .
positive	this movie is hilarious . i love the outbursts by robin williams . bastard son of barney . you illegenament telli-tubbey .
positive	seldom has such a powerhouse of acting talent been assembled and what a film ! this is a sensitive and emotive subject and needs to be handled professionally and with respect . stanley kramer skillfully draws first rate performances from his 'a' list cast . he avoids sentimentality or traditional 'hollywoodisms' , creating an atmosphere so real that we feel that we are observers in a genuine court room . the graphic footage , actually taken at the liberation of some of the camps , only serves to make this film more harrowing and yet effective . kramer has been brilliant in his casting . the solid judge spencer tracy is authoritive , whilst having wrestle with his own personal feelings . maxamillian schell is effective as the young attorney , ambitious and yet misguided in his loyalties . montgomery clift , a tortured soul in real life , uses his own deamons to brilliant effect as the simpleton , who has been subjected to steriliztion . the stand-out however is judy garland , as the hausfrau falsely accused of intimacey with a jew . garland proves , in her short sequences , that she is very much an equal in the acting game as she is a legendary musical star . that she , for the second time in her career was not awarded the oscar , for which she was nominated , is one of the greatest oversights in the history of the academy . she acts with her very soul . the only peice of miscasting in my mind is burt lancaster . whilst he is , as always , professional . his performance as an accused german judge does not quite gel . altogether though , a brave and risky film which really pays off .
positive	great music movie ! it includes everthing , adventure , romance and some tragedy . this is a complete movie with fine songs that are unforgettable , i do somtimes sing " so long , farewell " when it is a formal parting . truly one great true story with a lot of realism- i couldn't tell if the background hills are really a backdrop of austria or just made up . one of the best movies these actors participated in . ( esp . for julie andrews , this should be the best . )
positive	that is one of the best suspense movie i ever saw !
positive	with me working at my local cinema , i must say that this film has been the most enjoyable one to view . i first thought that this , as a musical , would be dry and only apealing to the fans who had seen the west-end verison , but i was proved wrong as the whole film was extreamly entertaining ! the plot wasnt outstanding but the singing and acting abilties of the performers was brilliant . the bright and up-beat songs kept the whole audience in awe and the costumes were just perfect . i personaly love this movie . . . its definatly one to sing along to ! it isnt for the younger audience but for teen-agers and above its a great film to watch and is a much wanted release from the serious and dominating movies this year .
positive	mike myers is the man
positive	people called romans , they are going to house
positive	simply put , an amazing movie , probably one of the best sci-fi film , hell best film of the last decade . it gives a shocking and very plausible look at the not too distant future where people can genetically engineer their own children . vincent , played by a very capable ethan hawke , is one of those who are not genetically engineered . he was born out of love , without the tinkering of scientists and their genetic manipulation . not trying to quickly summarize the movie in a sentence or two ( simply because you can't since the movie's that powerful ) . . . but basically the rest of the movie is about his pursuit of his dream of becoming an astronaut at the space corporation gattaca . the movie , while a bit slow at places , is an emotional and incredible ride that shows us the meaning of what it is to be human and that we can all achieve what we aspire . the music , composed by michael nyman is one of those musical scores that can stand on its own without the movie , though it definitely enhances the already great writing and strong performances by ethan hawke , uma thurman among others . this is one of those movies have had profound impact on me . if you haven't seen it , you should go out and rent it immediately . hell , even if you have seen it , you should go out and rent it immediately as well ! you will not be disappointed .
negative	ahhhhhhh ! oh my god ! ! this movie scared the crap outta me ! ! i couldn't sleep because of the stupid , creepy clown that clown was so so freaky and scary i was extremly scared oh my gosh everytime i see that movie in the store i scream for real ! !
positive	brilliant ! . . . from the beginning to the superlative ending . m . knight's greatest success and his greatest failure , cuz now , everything he makes will be judged by the standard he set for himself in this movie .
positive	this is one of my favorite movies of all time . it started off my zombie craze . the newer version of dawn of the dead may have more action and special effects , but it lacks the awesome mood and environment present in the original , as well as its underlying message . the characters in the original are also better developed in my opinion , and there is great dark humor present in this original version as well . the theatrical release is great , but if you can , get the director's cut , because it sets the movie up better , and includes some scenes that seem sort of integral to the film once you have seen both the theatrical and director's cut releases . the newer version was exciting and well-done ; i like it , too , but the original can't be beat . george a . romero made a masterpiece when he made dawn of the dead .
positive	very good original story done all with computers . i just loved this movie about toys that come to life when the humans are not around . woody is a toy cowboy who is devoted to his kid andy . woody is andy's favorite toy until buzz lightyear comes and now woody feels he has lost andy . woody wants to get rid of buzz . this only backfires and both end up at sids a boy who loves to destroy toys . now they must work together to get away from sid and back to andy who will be moving away . this is a family movie all ages can enjoy . we all loved the movie and found it to be very funny and entertaining . there are some good actors providing the voices such as tom hanks and tim allen .
positive	before i saw this movie , i did not care for ashton kutcher . i thought he was silly and boring . but when i watched this movie , he amazed me ! he has such good acting range ! his character made me smile and cry . this is a truly well constructed film with an original tale . no other time travel film can top the butterfly effect , not even future sci-fi films can aspire to these standards !
positive	one of the best ! ! !
positive	while the chances of it happening are probably nill , it's a cool movie . there are lots of twists in the plot and it really makes you think about how one tiny little decision or act in the past could drastically change the future . it's definitely worth seeing .
positive	cowabunga ! ! ! ! ! one of the greatest films from my youth . i will stand by the turtles till the day i die . i love being a turtle ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	the movie that started it all . what can be said that has not been said already about this movie ? it is undeniably the best modern mafia movie ever made , and is briliantly adapted from mario puzo's book . al pacino and marlon brando play their parts exquisitely . if you haven't seen this already , you should .
positive	oh my goodness , i loved this movie . i was skeptical at first because film just doesn't have the same spark as a live broadway show but this totally blew me away . its beautiful to watch and emmy rossum , who plays christine , is fantastic . she has a true talent .
positive	i could watch this over and over , and i do ! ! ! ! ! yes , a little long , and some of the scenes are probably not neccassary , like the scene towards the end of him running to san francisco and back ? what was that all about ?
negative	tom hank's worst !
positive	i love quentin tarantino . nobody knows how to write a plot like him . i love how the story is told from different points of view and the plot is like a puzzle which slowly fits to create a thrilling climax . there are great twists at the end . wonderful movie .
positive	in my opinion , the greatest sci-fi remake . . . the ending is superb .
positive	a really pleasantly surprising movie , i enjoyed it even much more than i anticipated ! now i am looking forward to the 2nd legally blonde !
negative	really stupid .
positive	there are many great war films out there , but apocalypse now is certainly the greatest of them all . although , technically not a war film , it deals with thoughts and ideas that could only be conjurred in the act of war , thus i classify it as such . this film showcases francis ford coppola's director skills , even more so than his godfather films ( although that is endlessly arguable ) .
negative	i do not know what led me to believe this would be a comedy but i was truly disappointed when i quickly found that it wasn t . i was further disappointed that the entire story was depressing , pointless and had an ugly edginess to it . drew barrymore did not convince me that she was this woman at the age of 15 , 36 or anything in between . she further failed to convince me that her character was deserving of my sympathy or respect . half the time i wanted to slap some sense into her and the other half i simply lost interest in her self-involved mindset . she set herself up , she fell and then she proceeded to whine and blame everyone around her . i kept wanting to say if you re as smart as you think you are and if college and career are so important to you then get off your butt , get a part-time job , a student loan and go for it you know , join the rest of the real world . were we really supposed to feel sorry for this self-interested idiot who ignores her child and proceeds to dry pot in the oven of her government subsidized shack for some quick cash ? apparently no more than we were meant to enjoy this dreadful tale of woe .
positive	this movie takes everything that is considered taboo or nasty and shows people that stuff like that really can happen . by the end of the movie , you are definitely left w / this weird feeling , like you wish things hadn't been so bad for the neighbor , you wish spacey's character hadn't gotten shot . . . what a good movie .
positive	jack nicholson is crude but brilliant . this movie is more subtle than knee slapping or gut busting comedies . even though you hate jack's character , you've got to love him , too . helen hunt and greg kinnear are both fantastic , as is that cute little dog .
negative	a stupid movie by fellini , must have a thing about large breasts ? ? ? ? . . . .
positive	a visual masterpiece . many of the actors smoked weed and dropped acid in order to really get into their roles . this movie has a gritty , surealistic feel that definitely benefits from the sacrifices and passion of francis ford coppolla .
positive	i absolutely love this movie . treat williams was definitely the star of the show . the soundtrack is excellent . i love when he dances on the table and sings i got life . i've been watching this movie ever since i was little . to my fathers horror i used to sing some of the racier songs out loud ( i had no idea what those words meant ) . berger is a great character , and i never fail to cry at the end every time .
positive	scotty doesn't know .
negative	this movie is absolutely awful . it deserves no stars . truly , it sucks !
positive	5 stars , but a reserved 5 stars . an excellent movie that was also incredibly offensive and revolting at the same time . why , you ask ? the depictions of the lows of human nature which the characters enter are 100 % revolting and disgusting . if you have a weak stomach , are opposed to depictions of sex , violence , drug abuse , etc . , by all means do not watch this movie . for those who can appreciate the extremely strong anti-drug message in this movie and stomach watching it , you will not want to watch it again . once is enough . however , one of the primary reasons i give 5 stars is its possible service to those considering / experimenting with / involved in drug use . if you catch your teenager using or experimenting with drugs , preview this movie and strongly consider making them watch it . it is offensive , but it can serve a purpose . for that , and the fact that it is generally well made , i find i must give it a great rating , despite the fact that i wanted to vomit .
positive	top gun is the greatest movie ever made .
positive	i would see it again in a heartbeat . the love and tension between the king and anna could be felt throughout the film -- the scenery and setting were equally captivating . it may take a bit to warm up to jody foster in this roll -- but even if you don't it remains pleasing to the eye .
positive	i just saw this movie last night with a huge group of friends , and i think if all of them hadn't been there , i would have had a nervous breakdown . this movie is terrifying from start to finish , from it's message of don't peek to it's instruction to stay in the light . i normally don't get very freaked out at movies , but this one made me want to close my eyes and catch my breath . it's an excellent movie that makes you afraid to sleep with your light off . the ending is a little weak compared to the rest of the film , but overall it's a wonderfully scary movie that plays on your emotions and your psychological well-being !
negative	having read the objectionable content described on screenit ! , i can certaintly tell you that i would never watch this movie .
positive	i love jack ! !
negative	one of the dumbest comedies ive ever seen .
positive	what can i say about this movie every thing that you want it in a movie is there i'll tell a thing hapend with me in the movies when i was watching this movie when the massenger man didn't help his freind i swere every one in the cienma that show yeld and shouted to help his friend because all of us were completly living the movie .
positive	atmospheric , savage , witty and unsettling . a truly great movie .
negative	i do not like any movie or show that focus' on gays god did not create adam steve he created adam eve . ( a male female )
positive	one of adam's best . those kids playing frankenstein were great . do you want to put on a hooters shirt for old times sake ? whats he talking about mommy ?
positive	the late great sax player dexter gordon was sensational as an expatriate american saxman dying in paris . paul newman robbed him for the oscar in 1986 .
positive	better than the sixth sense in overall story . bruce willis and sam jackson are spectacular . and the ending is nothing you will expect !
positive	superb ! a life affirming movie with a message of hope and redemption . morgan freeman and tim robins as well as a fabulous supporting cast make this a movie that will endure .
positive	excellent soundtrack realy good movie if hollywood ever does a remake first the soundtrack would suck it would be all yo yo and the movie probaly would be pg 13 so don't ruin a classic leave this one alone its fine just the way it is
positive	this is the best movie that i've seen since john singleton's boyz n the hood . if you're into hip-hop / ghetto dramas , this is a must-see . i also recommend dangerous minds , colors , and boyz n the hood .
positive	i love this movie ! one of the greatest 80s movies made . i practically know every line . . . i was only 10 yrs old when this movie was released , and i remember thinking it would be cool to be like ferris when i got into high school .
positive	i think this is a very clever movie , well scripted with some solid performances . if you're looking for many belly-laughs , you'd best rent something else , but this is funny nonetheless .
positive	probably the best and most engrossing film about ww2 ever made . you actually start to sympathise with the crew of what is after all a german u-boat .
negative	the book was alright , but the motion picture was extraordinarily corny and only somewhat reminiscent of the novel . once again , i have to agree with lord of the waves , this was an embarrassment .
positive	i knew the novel before i saw the movie , so when i saw norman bates i was a little fearful that i wouldn't be able to accept him as a psychotic . the book described as being plump and red-faced , but mr . perkins did a great job of being charming but quirky . the musical score is great and this is absolutely one of hitchcock's best .
positive	this movie is one of my favorites . ferris plans everything perfectly with just enough careless fun to pull off the perfect day . great movie .
positive	this is one of the funniest movies ever made but it has to be seen uncut . the plot is two guys join the army thinking its their best bet for the future . they are not you typical soldiers and piss of the di right off their military service takes some very funny twists to the point that they end up in a very well armored rv . harold ramis and bill murray are great .
positive	raiders had a real life hero , real time and place settings , and threw in a little bit of otherwordly magic and actually made it all seem possible . plus , there were unforgettable one liners .
negative	. . . and i still know its terrible .
positive	this was one of the best movies i have ever seen ! ! it had all the elements of a good movie : plot , nostalgia , political issues , suspense . it is a movie that i will definitely want to view again after i have children .
positive	this movie freaked me out . linda blair did an amazing job , no wonder she had to go into therapy after that . the effects are very good considering that movie is from the 70's . i was disgusted at times , but i think this movies is one of the best movies of that decade . if you don't like horror movies , you might want to skip this one cause this one will freak your freak
positive	unquestionably the greatest action / adventure film of all time . spielberg and lucas together make an unbeatable combination . with great performances , solid directing and story-telling and a wonderful score , raiders of the lost ark is the epitome of what good ole' fashioned entertainment is all about .
positive	and the oscars go to jeepers creepers for makeup and special effects ! ! !
positive	very creepy . the end was frustrating , because like so many others , i said " of course ! i should have seen that coming ! duh ! "
positive	this film is amazing and should be the top movie of all time . you can never get bored of it and it brings a smile to your face every time . it's one of those magical things that captures you and won't let go . it's most memorable movie of all time .
positive	come on , how can anyone that calls him / herself a christian give any less than 5 stars ? i feel everyone has a right to thier own opinion but i also feel if you don't feel anything from watching this masterpiece , you are not in touch w / your maker . mel did an excellent job w / this movie . the casting was excellent . i can't say that anyone could have played jesus better than jim . what an outstanding experience . as for people who saw nothing in this film and those of you who are atheist and agnostic's , i will pray for you . : o )
positive	this movie can really show the truth about what is really going to happen . it is a very moving movie and a great witnessing tool . i took as many people as possible to this movie . to people who think that the rapture won't happen , you will be sorry when you are left with termoil and grief . i hope that with writing this that you will check out this possibilty of that happening . anyone that is reading this , please believe .
positive	this was about burning oil refineries in kuwait / iraq , where there were hundreds of these oil fires . i saw it in a cold theater when i watched this , and it got hotter during the movie . the fires were right there in front of me . you could see the oxygen burst , the tendrils of the flames . you could see the heat burn off . i never knew that oil fires were different from ones here in this area . they had completely different machines , and now i knew what they were . the film also showed all the damage that had been done to the countryside . you felt hatred towards the people who caused these fires unecessarily .
positive	amazing ! that's all i have to say . . . amazing !
positive	very creepy and disturbing .
positive	i loved this movie . it wasn't so much scary . it was suspenseful and funny . i loved annie . lockadoodie paper . that's my favorite line . annie was a lunatic .
positive	jim carrey is one of the funniest men alive . i was laughing constantly thoughout the whole movie . you know he is a good actor because of the different characters he played .
positive	american pie is such a funny film ! ! the funniest parts have gotta be the beer bit and the internet dancing ! not to mention the quotes and this one time , at band camp . . . and say my name bitch ! ! did i mention that blink-182 are in it too ? awesome ! !
positive	kung fu and werewolves ? what's not to like ?
negative	highly over rated . while it does deliver it's fair share of campy fun , this is otherwise a boring movie . good mention should be made for slaughtering the pretty little blonde girl half way through , with the an out of control city bus . . . very creative !
positive	not just tom hanks' best movie of all time . . . the best movie of all time . it has every single thing you could possibly hope for in a movie . tom hanks is one of the best actors of all time .
positive	this is the best movie ever made . robin wright is beautiful , the puns are excellent , i couldn't say enough about it . it is my favorite movie of all time .
negative	dismal , preachy garbage .
positive	i thought the jokes were funny . the story line wasn't the best , but still .
positive	a great movie that involves one man's struggle to cope with his own inability to pursue success due to personal insecurities of not only trust , but his own incapability to move forward in life .
positive	truly a modern classic and the the best of the trilogy . it brings out the best in george lucas and steven speilberg . harrison ford was born to play indiana jones . if you have not seen this movie get out of your tomb and get it .
negative	wow . people actually liked this movie ? amazing !
positive	favorite moments : 1 ) danny to sandy ( responding to her what have you been up to inquiry ) : you know how it is , rockin and rollin and whatnot . 2 ) the way marty eyes vic fontain at the dance , 3 ) john travolta pointing to the sky as he belts out a falsetto those summer ni-i-i-ights atop the school bleachers , 4 ) sandy in those crazy tight pants on the shake shack . what a movie ! ! !
positive	i love this movie so much ! ! it's a powerful , imaginative story with lots of fun and disney magic ! ! . it's highly recommended for anybody ! ! !
positive	this is a must see when the auidence gets involved and the participation is high . some people act out the movie while the viewers yell at the screen . the music is catchy . trust me , you will get some lyrics stuck in your head .
positive	another nicholas cage winner . gone in 60 seconds is awesome . angelina jolie is great and her blond locks look good . see this if you like pretty people and fast cars .
positive	what an awesome screwball comedy . i watched this film for the first time in film class last semester in school . this movie gave me the revelation that not all old , black and white films are worthless . the witty dialogue , which is fired off like rapid gun fire , is incredibly acted !
negative	they had a good concept , to use actors who didn't have scripts ( anyone see this as a prelude to all the reality tv crap that's overrunning the airwaves now ? ) with handheld cameras . the jerkiness of the picture was irritating , though admittedly necessary for the type of thing they were going for . but that's about all the credit i can give it . i was waiting to be scared , almost fell asleep through it ( it's extremely slow-going ) , and got left sitting down as the theater lights came up and wondered . . . well ? when's something going to happen ? it might be worth seeing to check out the concepts in the making of the film . . . otherwise , it might be better to pick something else up to watch .
positive	it's a really good movie . i recomend seeing it !
negative	i am a huge adam sandler fan , which is why i went to see this movie . however , i was terribly disappointed at the gross stupidity of this movie . it was not even one those movies that is so stupid it's funny . the humor was disgusting and definately a poor representation of adam sandler's talent as an actor and producer . i would have given this film a rating of 0 if it were an option .
positive	outstanding performances from crowe and phoenix ( who should have won best supporting actor ) assist this already wonderful story and magnificiantly filmed masterpiece . a good old fashioned tale of justice being served , with a twist of course . if you somehow have managed to not see this movie , i strongly suggest that following this obvious repeated smacks to the forehead you deserve , you should purchase this movie .
positive	i have to give this movie a five because i think cameron crowe has such a talent for portraying reality with such entertainment . i really appreciate crowe's dedication to character development ( something often sorely lacking in today's movies ) , his meticulous attention to casting actors that fit the part , and overall his natural talent for depth . with most movies , there's the hero , who's usually flawless for the most part , the supporting characters and the villains . usually i'll only like / appreciate one or two of them , but in jerry maguire i just fell in love with everybody .
negative	prolly the dumbest movie ive seen this year !
positive	although this film requires a good attention span , it is well worth it . the implications of the symbolism are thought provoking . this one film deals with the essence of humanity ; where did we came from , where are we going , what is our place in the universe . it is exciting ; sometimes frightening and disturbing . the special effects were stupendous for it's time , they changed the standard for the sci-fi industry .
positive	george does it again ! ! ! ! you cannot have a zombie movie without george romero . ok , maybe some . but not the originals . george romero's unholy trilogy ( that's night , dawn , and day , of course ) are by far the best . even the latest installment does not dissatisfy . the shopping mall was ingenius thinking . who wouldn't go running to the mall when your next door neighbor , or your live-in , tries to eat your brains ? classic ! !
positive	i find myself watching this film every single time that it is on tv and enjoying it each time . maybe that makes me swayze crazy , but if the shoe fits . . . everyone agrees that swayze and grey are both really good , but jerry ohrbach is also great as baby's father who is struggling with some of the decisions made by his younger daughter . strong soundtrack , as well , even the song sung by swayze himself .
positive	i can't get enough of this movie ! it hasn't worn itself out or gotten dull ! the humor is sharp and the characters are just so ridiculous ! i love this movie !
negative	i found this film to be a disappointment . this is measured not only in my view of the film , but also that of my two daughters who found it quite lackluster . there was entirely too much adult ( sex ) humour for a film directed at kids . i personally don't care for the lowest common denominator humour : gee , the bear has gas and his poop stinks . har har har . it was bad enough directing away question about what is oral sex thanks to bill clinton , now i have a kid asking what an action shot is . i guess after klumps i should have known what to expect ; heck , from eddie's early comedy act i should have known what to expect . the movie is slow , the humour is weak , and the there is nothing that makes you really care what happens . sorry , baaaaad movie .
positive	it s one hell of a movie . these things aren t made today . and that s a shame .
positive	this movie is funny ! ! ! ! ! it was alot better than the first one . alot of action . i highly recommend it !
positive	good movie . . . nick cannon was great for the part becuase it didnt take much talent to pull in off . gq ( nick white friend jayson ) was probably the funniest . had great songs and greta beats but unlike the music in it , the story just didnt flow
negative	hated this film as it was very dark and created a macabre feeling in the senses . of course , that was its intention , but a disconcerting one nevertheless .
negative	not even stylish direction could save this tired mess of a movie epic . quite boring and not enough substance to keep itself interesting or engaging .
positive	the theatre on screen
positive	absolutely 'boy's own' fiction . . . superb stuff . an adventure that has you rooted to the spot .
positive	all about three men getting involved with a baby that was left on their steps . they get very attached despite being wild bachelors .
positive	will smith is a date doctor , teaching all the pathetic guys in new york how to pick up even the most stunning women . his motto is that any man , at any particular moment , has the ability to sweep any woman off her feet . he knows all the right moves , all the right things to say , until he meets the girl of his dreams . will smith and kevin james are hilarious .
negative	this has got to be the worst movie ever . i was so looking forward to seeing it and i could not believe that i wasted my money on it .
positive	my favorite fairy tale !
positive	this movie was great ! ! ! i enjoyed it very much , and i wouldn't mind seeing it another time . maybe a 3rd and 4th time also . thats how much i loved it . * 'meoshe' *
negative	i'm not a star trek fan at all and i'm not quite sure why i actually saw this movie . i thought it was horrible . i kept waiting for herve villecheve to come out and give mr . rork a hand .
positive	awesome movie in every aspect . wonderful suspense , i love the camera flashing at the end ! ! ! ahhh
positive	this is a brilliant movie , both in direction and artistic value . it shows how art can be the ultimate gift of oneself and how art knows no boundaries - culturally , religiously or socially .
positive	alfred hitchcock made many a great film , but if you are looking for the deepest example of his own artistic expression and personal fetishes , vertigo is the film to see . the film is very mysterious and other-worldly . you almost feel as if you are in a dream . the vibrant colors are at once soothing but can be uneasy and , at times downright cruel . the ghosts and spirits of alfred hitchcock's dreams are displayed with startling perfection , in this one of the most important works of the cinema .
positive	i loved this movie ! it was by far the funniest i've seen in all my life .
positive	almost famous is the best movie i have seen in the last six months . this movie is strong in every element . the casting was amazing . the film gives a great view of the 70s rock and roll scene through the eyes of a young writer . i found the script very unmanipulated , and i never felt as though i was hit over the head with any point or emotion . i found myself in tears at one point in the movie and i was not sure why . i believe it was the sincerity of the story and the telling of it that moved me to tears . the most memorable moments were not words at all , but instead visual images that contained much power and emotion . i would recomend this film to anyone who can appriate a good story , a good cast , and a heartfelt experience .
positive	this movie has so much potential and it carries with it so many different emotions , such as : joy and sadness . robin williams has perfected the character very well and the way his heaven is his wives paintings is an idea i have never heard before . you really have to watch it several times to understand it !
negative	terrible movie , i hated it and can't believe they made a second one . jim carrey is loud , obnoxious and not funny , more on the side of exaggerated and gross . i don't like movies that insult my intelligence .
positive	this drama-cum-ghost story set in war-ravaged 16th century japan , from the shakespeare of film , kenji mizoguchi ( whose other masterpieces include sansho the bailiff , story of the late chrysanthemums and the life of oharu ) is one of the most beautiful films ever made , voted among the 10 greatest in sight and sound's international poll . blessed with the serene fluid camerawork , exquisite cinematography , painterly compositions and ravishing landscapes for which the director ( still terribly neglected in the english-speaking world ) was renowned . the scenes where the potter falls under the spell of the enchanting lady wukasa are a peak of world cinema .
positive	this movie shows us there exists only a fine line , at times , between sane and insane . in addition , what is considered insane is a matter of opinion and decided by a few people ( psychologists ) , which can be dangerous . for the time , the movie brought people into the institutions for the mentally ill , and showed the terrible conditions and primitive techniques for rehabilitation . the main character also has his own delusions when he believes he knows best what's for the mental patients and trys to force them iont society , and finds they breakdown . he realizes some people really do need to be institutionalized .
positive	wow ! for a twisted movie this one is really , really good . it covered many socio-topics and portrayed the cast almost magically . by the end of the film i was exhausted , having seen the lives of the people grow or die . the bathroom scene and swimming in the toilet dream will forever be burned in my mind .
positive	not many actors could pull off being on screen for a major potion of a movie alone , and make it interesting and belieavable , but tom hanks pulls it off wonderfully . one of the great acting challenges of our time , and tom hanks lives up to expectations . he gives an oscar-worthy performance , and propably would have won had he not already captured two other awards earlier in his career his co-star , wilson , really stole the show and became the star everybody loves . helen hunt did her best in what essentially was a throw-away role , a role that was poorly written . her photo in the locket was the real preformance here . still , castaway remains one of ijr's favorite flicks and ijr says check it out ! !
positive	great movie . mike is awesome in it .
positive	okay , so it's corny and cliche'd but it's also a lot of fun . i really like it 'cause it's got that feel good factor about it . the soundtrack is good too , and it's ending is pure cheese fantastic ! ! !
negative	this is a real disappointment , i was expecting a lot more from christophor guest and eugene levy . it is not a funny movie it is actually kind of sad how these people pour their entire lives into their dogs . if you have to see it wait until it shows up on cable .
positive	what a captivating , compelling military drama which is nearly perfect in every department . a solid story and phenominal acting alone makes this film worth watching . jack nicholson gave his best performance ever in this film , delivering those famous lines : you can't handle the truth ! . his acting prior to and after saying that was just so intense and phenominal it makes me wonder why he didn't win the oscar . tom cruise was also at the top of his game , and he was equally intense in the famous courtroom scene with jack nicholson . this truly is a drama that will thrill you and keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish . unmissable !
negative	i wish there was a rating lower than terrible . . . . .
positive	im sorry , but imo this movie was absolutly scary as hell . i was honestly scared for days . lol
positive	a very good movie . and the music is even better . i knew it was just a matter of time until they were doing a musical . elton john did a fantastic job . this movie is timeless .
negative	i hated west side story . it was so boring and so mindless . the acting was terrible , and there was like not one single thing that i liked about this movie !
positive	another side splitting comedy . ben stiller kept me rolling with his acting . the farelly brothers humor is gross and very funny .
positive	funniest office movie ever .
positive	scared the crap right out of me when i saw it the summer of 97 . totally ingenious ! a movie filled with cheers and jeers of other horror movies . i was impressed .
positive	i loved it ! i loved the idea ! imagine living your whole life ( using the bathroom , masturbating , digging your noise , taking a crap ) , not knowing that the rest of the world is watching you too . the idea that there is someone controlling your environment and you are just a guinea pig in some aliens experiment or something , is scary . it's kind of like the matrix . way cool .
positive	the first time i saw this movie , i thought it sucked . but , like a fungus , it sorta grows on you . adam sandler is not my favorite actor , but in this film , he is just terrific . kathy bates , playing mama , gives her usual great performance , and is the highlight of the movie . henry winkler , fondly remembered as the fonz , plays a losing football coach whose luck is turned around by sandlers waterboy . the plot is basically predictable , but that is okay with this movie . there should be a sequell .
negative	the single worst movie made about the arthurian legends . nice shiny armour though .
positive	the greatest war film made ever ! ! ! shot choppedand scored perfectly gritty and realistic , brings you into the boots of the soldiers . one of my top five favorate movies of all time .
positive	i thought that this movie was the best that i have ever seen and sean patrick thomas was wonderful along with julia stiles . everyone in the world should see this flick .
positive	this film is fantastic . ridley scott at his best . its protagonist , ellen ripley , defies the stereotypes put on strong women characters . she's no elle woods ! did anyone besides me notice the windchime theme , throughout the movie ? they were everywhere ! anyhow , it's a timeless classic .
positive	in my opinion , alvin lee and ten years after , stole the show with going home . but the whole movie was great .
positive	an excellent awesome great adventure flick ! ! !
positive	this film was the perfect close to the most explosive trilogy in film history . of the three origional films , this one is definately my favorite for a number of reasons . the battle scenes were wonderful , and the special effects , were , as to be expected coming from george lucas , absolutely breathtaking . everything seemed to come into place in this film with the death of yoda and the subsequent death of darth vader . i enjoyed the last 30 minutes of the film the most , espescially the final battle scene between vader and luke , and i thought that having vader save his son by killing the emperor was the perfect way to solidify that old saying- blood is thicker than water . at least that is how i interprited it . in my opinion , this one was the best of the entire trilogy and the perfect closure . btw , the ewoks are awesome !
positive	i really enjoyed this movie ! a great amount of action , fun for the whole family ! 4 . 5 or so might be a better rating , but overall it was very entertaining . i'm not a big fan of nicolas cage , but it's easy to forget about him watching this movie . engrossing , and riley was hilarious .
negative	what an embarrassing movie ! watching a little rat in cowboy boots , running a major coorperation in a small town inhabited by guniea pigs ? terrible excuse .
negative	amazing how this movie holds up . the atmosphere alone makes it a must see . alfred was in top form on this one . a true classic .
positive	this was absolutely the best movie of the year . extremely well-written and acted . you'd think , reading about this movie , that it would be sappy and / or depressing - it wasn't . it never dwelled on the bad stuff , and had many laugh-out-loud scenes . truly a pleasure .
positive	gigantic artistic effort . wonderful satire of the hollywood 'activists' & has a sing-along soundtrack as good as 'south park : bigger , longer , uncut . ' can't wait for the dvd . one caveat : if u love the cannibalistic deranged torturers who run north korea , maybe it is not for u .
positive	this movie had an interesting yet more complicated story line . the graphics were very good considering what year it was made .
positive	this movie is one of my favs because it has matt damon and ben affleck , two very good guys and actors . the movie has a good plot . i also love robin williams .
negative	ironically , this is what i said when i heard that jennifer lopez was in another movie .
positive	this is my favorite military / nuclear war satire as well as my favorite peter sellers film . people who are fans of this kind of movie know that in 1964 dr . strangelove , another nuclear war satire , had peter sellers playing multiple roles . but five years earlier in 1959 sellers also played multiple ( and similar ) roles in the mouse that roared . the film was made during the height of the cold war when nuclear bombs , air raid drills and possible invasions were a part of american life . the smallest country in the world , the duchy of grand fenwick , has one means of income and that is a wine called pinot grand fenwick sold chiefly to the united states . when a california wine maker puts out an imitation and calls it pinot grand enwick the duchy is on the edge of financial ruin . protests to the u . s . government are ignored . however , the duchy has also taken notice that whenever a country loses a war with the united states , the american government sends financial aid to rebuild the country which they have defeated . duchess gloriana ( peter sellers ) explains all in all , as i said before , there is no more profitable and sound step for a nation without money or credit to take than to declare war on the unites states and suffer a total defeat . the duchy of grand fenwick then declares war on the united states . chief forest ranger tully bascombe ( again peter sellers ) gathers an army of about twenty longbowmen , charters a tugboat , and they invade new york city intending to surrender as quickly as possible . as luck would have it the entire city is deserted and everyone is underground for an air raid test because nuclear scientist dr kokintz has his new secret weapon , the q-bomb , within city limits . the army wanders around the city looking for someone to surrender to when they are spotted by a civil defense team that mistakes them for aliens from outer space due to their 14th century uniforms . they end up at the new york institute for advanced physics where professor kokintz has built a working model of the q-bomb . the grand fenwick army captures the professor , his daughter , the q-bomb , a u . s . army general and four new york policemen . when they arrive back at grand fenwick and inform the government that they won the war instead of losing it , the heads of government panic and resign and tully bascombe is made prime minister . they form a league of little nations and every small neutral country offers to protect fenwick against any attacks . to resolve the matter the united states surrenders and they hold talks . the imitation wine will be taken off the market and grand fenwick demands a million dollars but the u . s . negotiator insists they may have to take a billion . grand fenwick also demands that they keep the q-bomb and that the u . s . and russia have a general disarmament supervised by the small neutral nations of the world . if that doesn't happen they threaten to explode the bomb . the president of the u . s . asks his secretary of war do you believe they'd really explode the bomb ? the secretary answers would you have believed they would invade the unites states with twenty longbowmen , landing in manhattan off a chartered sailing vessel ? the movie is a clever satire about war and also has many little comparisons about life with and without the bomb . there is also a great understanding of human nature depicted in many characters , particularly at the end when duchess gloriana refuses to marry the american minister because , she states , americans are cruel to their wives . they treat them as equals . they refuse to make any decision without consulting them . they load them up with worries they should keep to themselves and when there isn't enough money they send them out to work instead of earning more by their own efforts . if i am to marry , i want a husband who will be a man and let me be a woman . i'll be able to handle him better that way . the mouse that roared is every bit as much of a satire as dr strangelove but it is far more lighthearted and good family entertainment . peter sellers is excellent and the movie is not only still funny but it's also still relevant even in the 21st century . one of my all time favorites , indeed .
negative	i hate steven seagal movies . he is a lousy actor with no personality
positive	wonderful , wonderful movie . it tells the story of 3 war vets who meet by chance on their return home . they all live in the same city , and you get to see how their lives continue and all the heartaches they have to overcome . this is a movie everyone should see at least once . it surely shows that once a man has been to war , things will never be the same again for him .
positive	i wasn't sure what to expect out of this movie . i bought it at first , because mark ruffalo is in it . it isn't a film for everyone , but i loved it . it takes you through a wide range of emotions . and although it ends tragically , it leaves you with a lot to think about .
positive	i enjoyed the movie , i expected it to suck because of ben affleck being in it , but i liked it , i liked it a lot . he did a good job , so did garner . good movie .
positive	bravo , kathy bates
positive	just as exciting and entertaining as the first film . spider-man 2 definitely lived up to the first film , and in many ways surpassed it ( especially in mixing drama and comedy ) . the spider-man films do not seem to be going downhill in quality like so many previous superhero sagas have . let's hope that the upcoming addition to the series keeps it that way .
positive	this is a really good movie ! i'd have to say that the best part of it was the way that it was visually presented , with a dark , bleak atmosphere pervading the entire film ( with a few important plot line exceptions , of course , such as the oracle's house ) . there was a great amount of visual detail throughout , especially in the climax , which was arranged to look just like a shoot'em up , arcade style video game .
negative	insanity ! ! how does this movie even compare to a real film ? any positive feeling this movie could have left me with was sucked away by julia stiles's nonexistant acting talent ! blech . give me a break mtv , i can't believe i payed to see this movie , someone out there , somewhere , owes me 8 bucks !
positive	dot is sooooo cute
positive	awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww !
positive	i love the scene where they bait the klan guys with the where the white women at ? line . i also like the badges . badges ? we don't need no stinking badges ! update : before irish calls it i'll admit badges was a rip off .
negative	best career move for vin diesal ; not being in a pointless sequel . thge cars took center stage as usual because the plot was horrible . when you have a movie with ludicris and tyrese , what would you expect ?
positive	one of my favorite movies of all time . michael j . fox is a terrific actor . part 2 is not on this list which i even like just a little more . . . but nevertheless this movie is incredibly unique and satisfying .
positive	* * update 8 / 10 / 04 : i just saw this movie again 2 nights ago . by the beard of zeus , it changed my life . again . * oc : if there was a vendor selling anchorman the dvd for $ 75 a pop in the theater lobby i would have picked up two on my way out . in case i lost one . this is top-five comedy quality on an all-time list . i'm not kidding , it's right up there with the likes of naked gun , airplane , and caddyshack . ron bergundy - jazz flutist , great hair , scotch-lover . a force to be reckoned with .
negative	with respect to ford and connery , this movie is a worthless abortion . the effects are cheesy , the timing is off , the plot's not so scary , and the degeneration of serious to fluffy that must befall any remarkable franchise or trend as it gains popularity and settles into routines seems especially pronounced in this threquel . it has some funny , silly moments which are welldone , but if i had it to do over i'd just burn the seven dollars and watch t . v . for two hours .
negative	i fell asleep .
negative	i fell asleep .
positive	wonderful use of montage at the end . the director did a great job of making you side with these bad guys , a little controversial for violence , but i didn't think it was that bad , compared with today's violence in movies .
positive	this is one of my favorite movies of all time . not only did it start jamie lee curtis' career , but it led to other halloween movies . this is one of the only movies that has scared me . the cinematography on this movie was outstanding .
positive	i loved it i think it had cool songs and the voices when great and werent oddly off and i dont think it ment that u should disobay ur father its jus u have to go for what u think is right even if it means ur father would get mad cuz even they can be un reasonable i liked the crab he was cool
positive	brilliant plot , lots of action- you really get caught up in it all . this film is at the top of my favorites list .
positive	sick flick with hella special effects . keanu reeves deserved best actor while the hot chick from threesome also did a stellar job .
positive	despite some huge book-related errors ( elves at helm's deep , faramir , etc ) this is a great movie . i haven't decided whether it's better than the first , but it truly is a masterpiece . it contains both the best introduction to any film i've seen , and the best film battle i've seen . it may not be 100 % accurate as far as book translation goes , but some is warranted and as a movie goes , it is brilliantly entertaining and has a little bit of everything . a must see , and bring on the third .
negative	this movie was incredibly boring . it took too long to figure out what was going on and by the time you did , you didn't even care anymore .
negative	this garbage makes you root for the snake . another j lo piece of art .
positive	they should've quit while ahead and not made the sequel . there was no reason for the color of money to have won any awards when compared with the original .
positive	i found this movie enjoyable , pity what happened to brandon lee .
positive	a true classic ! ! ! great songs , great characters , great story . nice good guy / bad guys . a true classic and revolutionary in its time .
positive	i have seen this movie 4 times in theatres all ready- and mr . good dosent know what hes talking about- this is one of the funniest films i have seen in a long time . great film
positive	this is the best movie paul sisson has ever seen . klitz is the man !
negative	rarely have i seen a film that was more boring or held my interest less than this poor excuse for a romantic comedy . it certainly did not even begin to utilize the abilities or approach the usual standards of the cast involved . the most glaringly apparent problem was the misuse of the considerable comedic talents of billy crystal . he barely had anything to do or say and what he did say was far below par on the humor / wit / taste scale . in particular , the scene with the dog had the distinction of sinking even below the standards of a junior high school boy s locker room . julia roberts , cast as catherine zeta-jone s mistreated sister / personal assistant , did manage not to scream and giggle every ten minutes , had a few good lines but her overall character was poorly written and pretty unbelievable . after seeing even a small bit of the insulting treatment she continuously receives from her completely self-centered movie star sister you can t imagine what would have kept her from smacking her silly long before this point in their lives . so , it made no sense that this woman would suddenly grow teeth and fight back after an apparent lifetime of accepting abuse simply because she was now involved with her sister s ex ( john cusack ) . overall , i m not sure what portion of this movie made it not work most poor writing , directing , or just an unfocused murky concept . but one thing i do know , considering the many past successes , efforts , and combined talents of the cast i give them little , if any , of the blame for the failure of this film . they simply had very little with which to work .
positive	one of the greates movies i have ever watched . great direction and very well documented . shows the strength , wit and fear in a war . documents family love and love for your country .
positive	this movie appealed to my own gnostic beliefs , so naturally , i give this one the nod over passion ( which was good in it's own right . )
negative	manages to make the first two , ( which are so bad they make my teeth hurt ) look like great art .
negative	incredibly horrible version of the classic h . g . wells story , with ludicrously bad performances from everyone . whatever happened to jeremy irons ? he used to be a pretty good actor once upon a time . i'll tell you one thing , i would never want to have to go up against that guy on the old game show " make me laugh . " decent actor , but his career isn't merely going down the toilet , it's clogged in the pipes .
positive	this is a classic and one of the best animated disney films . cruella devil want the dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat , but the owners won't let her .
positive	norma norma norma
positive	great entertainment ! this movie has just reset the standard for sci-fi . i can't wait for the sequel .
positive	this is a classic that you can watch 700 times . it has a suberb soundtrack . it has sexy actors . it is a wonderful story that is unique in itself .
positive	favorite movie . it never gets old . everytime i watch i laugh so hard .
positive	silence of the lambs is high on my list of greatest movies ever made . next to the exorcist and shining , definently one of the best horror / thriller films . anthony hopkins became my favorite actor after i saw this movie because his performance was the most breathtaking of it's kinda i had ever seen . and i've yet to come across anything to rival it ( i didn't see hannibal . i read the book and thought it was disgusting . i didn't want anything to tarnish my memories of anthony's performance or the movie . ) it was just so masterfully crafted , every syllable of every word he spoke , every little time he blinked or moved his eyes , every little , rare gesture he ever made- although what made this hannibal guy so damn scary was that he didn't move . he stood perfectly still and always gave the observer this tense sort of-when-is-he-going-to-jump-up-and-eat-somebody feeling . you kept expected him to do something like that . . . but he never did . not when you expected it , anyway . that , i think , is what made the scene with the guards near the end so amazingly frightening . he became almost this animal after a whole movie of never moving , never doing anything untoward . he became likable , even , this genius sociopathic murderer . his great line about the census taker still gives me chills to this day . i could write forever about the brilliant nuances of hannibal lecter , but i'm commenting on the movie as a whole , so i guess that will have to wait for another time . jodie foster , too , gave an excellent performance , what with that west virginia accent and her heartfelt descriptions of the screaming lambs . something that makes this movie so brilliant though , was that besides the chaotic exchanges between clarice and hannibal , there was actually a really frightening almost side story about the serial killer , buffalo bill . clarice's scenes in his house were so chilling , they stay with me ( as does a great amount of things from this movie ) to this day . johnathan demme did an amazing job interpreting ted tally's outstanding screenplay and gave a such a dark , creepy air to the whole movie . silence of the lambs is one of those few movies that you can watch 20 times and still get scared . if you haven't seen it , firstly-are you crazy ? ! do you live under a rock ? and secondly , go see it ! ! ! ! ! you will enjoy it , i promimse you .
negative	welcome ! to horror movie hell . hehe . i don't have three days to spend listing the flaws of this movie so i will just brush over the top . first it is by the guy who did the equally terrible urban legend . his visual styling is cute and all but it can't save these poo poo scripts . the characters are all inept and unlikeable . you honestly want them all to die horrible deaths . the deaths start out good but then as if it were a kiddie film just turn into sell out deaths and leave you with dull boring and unimaginitive deaths . like when a certain big breasted bimbo gets trepped in the hot tub by a sheet ao hard reenfirced plastic and the killer is drilling down at her the killer gives up after 15 seconds and tosses the drill into the tub , electocuting her . whoopdy doo ! haven't seen that before . not even haveing the beautiful work of the deftones on the soundtrack can help this peice o trash flick out . the ending and last death is really quit funny . go see it if you are really bored and like disapointment . would you hide in a body bag ? and if the killer began stabbing the contense of every bag in that room would you stay perfectly still or run for it ? like i said , these are some stoopid ass kids .
positive	the best movie ever made in the history of movies along with the original and star wars . unforgettable lines , twists , and characters fullfill this movie to its best .
positive	the redux version fills in some holes and makes more sense . watch that version if you can .
positive	ok pre-wwii film noir flick staring jack nicholson as a hard-boiled private eye getting in way over his head .
positive	best movie ever ?
negative	ha , ha , ha , ha ! ! i didn't even have to see this movie to know it was one of the worst films ever created ! mariah and talent do not bekong in the same sentence unless the word bad is also used . the story is obvious and has been run into the growned over a hundred times . now it is miss mariah's turn . strange how she had a mental breakdown just days before her movie opened . doesn't seem like an obvious desperate attempt to stur up contoversy and maybe temt some dim witted suckers into seeing a lame and dare i say cliched to the foulist depths of hell peice of poo cinema . if you have half a brain , do not waist your cash . this has been a message from the anti - pop stars turn actor / actress comitee . i support real actors and actress's in film .
positive	i must've seen this movie over 100 tiumes . it was my favorite movie as a child , and remains my favorite to this day . audrey is amazing in this movie . who would've thought that someone as classy and flawless as audrey would make such a great eliza doolittle ? as much as i love julie andrews , i think audrey was perfect for the screen version of this classic .
negative	an over-hyped piece of trash . . . no plot , corny dialouge , and bad acting . lara croft wouldn't be such a poplular video game character if she didn't have gigantic boobs . even my dad says that there's only two good reasons to see the movie . . . i'll let you guess what the two reasons are .
positive	this movie is well worth the price of admission . hilary swank gives a stellar and convincing portrayal of brandon tina . i highly recommend this movie to everyone . keep in mind it is a bit disturbing .
positive	it was an interesting combo of war and love .
positive	you can never go wrong with an adam sandler movie . guaranteed laughs .
positive	you either love it or you hate it . it depends on your sense of humour . if you have my dry british sense of humour , then it is the best . i think they should get back together . ps ( beware of the killer bunny )
positive	classic hitchcock ! he simply has no equal ! superb directing , and casting all around .
positive	this movie is great , it gave sylvester stallone his first break to be a shooting star . it also gets into the controversial idea of sacrificing your life for your country , but all the system does is shaft you in return .
positive	this is a hilarious movie ! vince vaughn and ben stiller are a riot in their roles , as well as the hysterical supporting cast . and when they have those classic hit-in-the-face shots , they're actually funny . this is definitely a great summer movie . age range : 13 + . it's not necessarily inappropriate ( though at times , somewhat , but not often ) , but some of the humor would be hard for younger preteens to understand . final grade : a
positive	exploding . . . . heads . . . . are . . . . funny
positive	i wanted to murder dern's character in this movie he was such a bastard ! i could really feel the intensity in this movie . great !
positive	the acting in this movie was beyond exceptional , some of the best i have ever seen . leonardo dicaprio was born to play romeo , he made the myth real .
positive	i watched x-men before watching patriot . i think patriot edges out x-men . i think patriot was highly accurate , and i was surprised that it turned out better than i had hoped ! i will see it again . i almost cried when i saw benjamen martin carrying the flag !
positive	shaft is outstanding , doing justice to the character in the book and the original series . the hand-over from richard roundtree to samuel l . was handled very well , without getting sappy and without relying on the old man to fix everything . the casting was excellent , and the actors played their parts well . the writing was a little predictable ( especially the you killed my brother bit ) . a lot of great one-liners are laid down with precision timing . the gunplay was handled professionally , with only a couple of very obvious mistakes ( semi-auto handguns don't go click click when the slide is locked back , and the kahr ( excellent choice , btw ) only holds 7 rounds in the mag and one in the chamber . . . in the scene running from the house shaft pops off 9 + rounds without reloading . but , on par , they did a good job showing him going empty and reloading the firearm . the final error i would note is that , after being shot in the chest at close range , vanessa r . would not be running around like nothing happened . . . vests impede bullets , but you still get a heck of a punch in the sternum ) an all-around cool movie , and samuel l . is a bad mother . note : this is a samuel l . film ; expect blood , violence , guns , and more blood .
positive	anyone , and i mean anyone , who has ever been accused of road-rage should love this movie . sure , the cars are nightmarishly cheesy and stallone proved to anyone who has seen this movie that he can't act , but the movie is awesome . in a futuristic society , death race is the main spectator sport , supported by the government and loved by everyone , even the victims ! a mind-blowing concept ! pop it in and watch this movie . a real classic ! ( hey sis , how much for the dirtbag on the corner ? )
positive	i thought it was a great 70's movie . good actors and who can forget shelley winters !
positive	the best love story ever ! this movie ecompasses all aspects of love between a woman and a man . the historical setting of the revolutionary times in america make it all the more beautiful . the love of a native who falls in love with the daughter of an english general . their love withstood war , death and time .
positive	classic . hopkins - great ! i like it when it looks like jodie foster is going to shoot me .
positive	this movie was great in the sense that it explored a war hero as he had never been explored before . surely the commander was a good man and a great solider , but his lust for greatness and legend came over his want to fight for the cause . this was eventually his demise . i do agree with pbeavr , this isn't exactly a war movie , it's really more of a character exploration and story telling movie , and a great one at that .
positive	i don't think it's possible to hate this movie . there were some funny moments with a lack of plot holes .
positive	this movie rocksssss
negative	poorly written , directed , and acted . jim carrey turned in the usual horrible manic performance , the female lead was equally bad . and the plot was idiotic . easily the worst movie of the year to date .
positive	i went to go see this with a very good friend of mine and we both loved it . unfortunately we missed the very beginning of it - but with what we saw , we loved the simplicity of the plot since it was just the four main characters . the film is very simplistic and there are no huge surprises . its quite realistic in terms of emotion - not in terms of what happens in real life . it certainly struck a chord in me . its a very good little , simple striking film .
positive	a very good movie . it shows the mind of a killer and how he became like that and acts the way he does points to childhood . the movie could help society see what murderers and serial killers go through in life to become like that . it showed thaa everyone has innocence and how family affects the way you act and think .
positive	kevin spacey's best movie . he gives a better performance than in seven .
positive	this is a 3 hour plus joyride that is both fun and funny . each actor involved brings their own brand of timeless humor to their charactor , culminating in an american comedy classic .
positive	this movie totally pulled the viewer into it . it keeps you puzzled as to whether or not the main character did the crime he was accused of . the ending is terrific .
negative	this sucked donkey balls
positive	if you are familiar with the x-men comic book series , this is a great movie with special effects and an exciting movie script .
positive	absolutely brilliant film ! ryan phillipe plays sebastian , a wealthy attractive promiscuous young man , who make a bet with his step-sister ( sarah-michelle gellar ) . the bet is to sleep with a published virgin ( reese witherspoon ) . wonderful twist at the end a must see .
negative	honestly , the movie was more boring than scary .
positive	as a young person conditioned by today's flashy eye-candy movie-making , i really have to up my patience in order to appreciate most of the classics . even when i do that , a lot of them still strike me as having a little too much hype built around them . but this movie truly impressed me . besides the fact that it managed to keep my attention , it wasn't too feel-good or ambiguous , nor was it presented too matter-of-factly . it also showed the scale of nazi brutality without too much gore .
positive	big is a delightful comedy ! tom hanks is actually believable as a boy transformed into an adult . the scene where tom hanks applies for a job is absolutely hilarious . i also love it when he arrives at the office party wearing an outrageous tuxedo and when he takes elizabeth perkins back to his apartment for a sleepover in his bunk beds .
positive	i always liked this movie . no one gives the blob creature enough credit , though . it must have had supernatural powers . you see , it was so slow-moving that a snail or an earthworm could have made a quick get-a-way . but , the human victims froze in their tracks . . . too paralyzed with fear to even inch backwards and , thus , met their fate . . . alien aspic . . .
positive	wounderful i still laugh when i think of it .
positive	best action comedy of all time . eddie needs more of these .
positive	my family & i loved this movie we are excited about seeing meet the faukers we can hardly wait hope to see it real soon
positive	i guess the aunt edna croaking scene makes the movie .
negative	i'm sorry , but it's about a sled . named rosebud . maybe i missed something , but i didn't like it at all . i think it's overrated .
positive	this is a great movie with thrills and laughs
positive	james whale proves why he is the greatest director of horror films with the invisible man . claude rains was the perfect choice for the invisible one considering that fact that he acted almost completely with his voice . and what a voice it is !
positive	se7en is one of those rare films that not only astounds the viewer while it is playing before their eyes , but burns an imprint in their mind long after the final credits have rolled . and for a serial killer film to be memorable at all is a great feat in itself . not only has this movie got an impeccable cast , script , direction , etc . , but the only thing unoriginal about it is that it involves a serial killer . everything else about it is innovative and thought provoking . a city drowned by a monsoon may not be an original film idea , but a city in sunny california being pelted by an endless downpour is ! the cinematography was in color , but the only colors vivid in the film were greys , dingy browns , and black ! the serial killer involving the cops in his scheme of things to be the final victim is something that is astonishing ! with spacey's monologue the viewer may find himself / herself making sense of murders that were so senseless and inhuman and with that the serial killer brings the average , normal person to his level of reason . what is so ironic about this film is that john doe seems to be the one trying to find god in a place where god just doesn't exist- the relentless rain and muted colors are a sign of that and , in the final scene , the roles of victim and killer are reversed . every time i see this film , ( 15x and counting ) i can't help but to be left in bewilderment and in awe !
positive	zany british humor cannot be done better than by the monty python troop . my father made me watch this when i was young , and ever since then , i have been hooked on monty python . their hilarity is of a most unique brand , and this movie stands out as probably being their most widely accepted film by american audiences . there is absolutely no character development , and for good reason . their wit is outstandingly brilliant , and this film is filled with some of the best brainless comedy around . the audio and film work are below average , probably due in part to the film's budget and its foreign development . this film is highly recommended , and now for something completely different .
positive	hey kids ! wondering what it was like to live in the us during early 1980's ? well , nothing provides a better dose of reagan-esque , kill-a-commie-for-mommy , right-wing , gun nut paranoid propaganda than watching this movie on a lazy afternoon .
positive	hilarious especially when ever he got pissed off at the ball when it wouldn't go in . or when he beat the crap out of the guy becuase the ball wouldn't go in the hole he was tryin' but it just wouldn't go in . or when him and bob barker got into a fight and uttered those words that i think everyone wanted to say . -the price is wrong b * * * h-
positive	i'm just a big reese fan . her natural cuteness sells this film .
positive	the rocky series are my favourite films ever for so many reasons , the acting , the fighting and everything else is all brill ! the rocky series also brought hope to the little guy in which they never get a chance ( or in rockys case never got a shot at a decent title ) my favourite line of the whole film has to be in rockyiv where apollo ( just b4 his fight ) says i feel like i could eat nails , stallion ! rocky replies i'v seen them snails in the garden but i'v never wanted to eat them every time i see that clip i always laugh . after watching every film roughly 30times i still dont know my favourite . thats how good these films are . i heard a rumour that a rockyvi is on the cards in which rocky steps back into the ring 1 more time but we all no when rocky says just one more fight he really means just another 20 . hope the rumour is true . rocky ! rocky ! rocky ! rocky !
positive	besides the fact that pulp fiction had all the elements of a great movie done by an brilliant writer / director , it served also a gateway to a lot of people . it proved to so many that a film doesn't require a lot of money to be truly a piece of cinematic art and indie films were finally getting the attention they deserved . it inspired a host of tarantino imitators to create colorful , violent crime films from the sublime ( the usual suspects ) to the mere forgettable ( truth or consequences , nm ) . but what is so amazing about this film ( and hasn't even been touched on in this slew of reviews ) is that with tarantino , nothing is sacred and everything is fair game ! accidental murder results in name calling and a hilarious aftermath , sodomy / rape results in a comical bit where butch can't make up his mind which weapon to save his enemy with , racial slurs are used repeatedly by a white guy who , consequently , is married to an african american woman , and jules ( who breaks a major commandment for a living ) recites word for word a quote from the holy bible . this film has shined a light on the most taboo of subjects and made us not only stare in wonder , but made us take notice of the one film that mirriors society's own irreverence !
positive	one of the greastest comedy movies of our day .
negative	what can i say , this is at the top of my worst sequels list , right next to urban legends , final cut , i still know what you did last summer , and halloween 3 . ok , its jason takes manhattan , yet the entire movie takes place on a cruise ship exept at the end when they drift ashore on manhatton . the last 20 min . of the movie is in manhattan . it was cute when the black guy got his head blocked off , but honestly , if a couple of punks were giving jason sh * t , would jason really just show them his face ? this movie was a travesty to the friday the 13th series . besides , jason looks so decayed in this movie that a stiff breeze would take him out . this movie sucks !
positive	one of the most brilliant movies i have ever seen ! ! !
positive	the best comedy of the year ! ! ! brilliant ! very hilarious . casting is great ! rush out and see it !
positive	as always with adam sandler's movies , this is a very funny movie . it's original and a really enjoyable movie .
positive	return of the jedi , is , in my opinion , the best of the star wars original trilogy . all of the action , suspense , the atmosphere is just right . george lucas can make movies , and well . there are many reasons to see the movie such as , the emperor has a larger part , the war ends , the rebels defeat the empire . there are too many reasons to list . han gets freed , jabba dies , and the death star blows up . the digitally remastered version makes the movie even better than it already is . this is a must see movie .
positive	mt vote for the funniest moveie of all time .
positive	a qualitative step ahead . computer graphics and suspense make it look real . the leading role is played by keanu reeves , which really doesn't make a lot of sense from the point of view of an aesthetic person . other roles played fine , including the negative characters .
positive	this movie is really good . it shows that girls can have a good time while running a bar . me and my friends related to the characters in the movie .
negative	i can see why goldmember was panned by the critics . it's a really , really bad movie . my expectations weren't high to begin with , but it didn't even come close to making my trip to the theater worth it . my biggest complaint was that it contained very little new material . even worse , the old material was stale and even pathetic in places . the plot revolving around goldmember was uninteresting , and goldmember was a disgusting old guy who ate patches of dead skin that peeled off his body . ( i'm not kidding ! ) mike meyers' acting seemed forced and choppy , and there was no chemistry between him and foxxy cleopatra , his female helper . goldmember lacked the fun , silly feel of the second austin powers movie , and the pace was slow . i don't recommend seeing this movie in the theater or on video .
positive	woody allen is hilarious , and not only does every scene of this movie make you think wow , i thought i was the only one who got that ! but some of the scenes are pretty darn amusing , both due to great writing and his ingenious acting .
positive	city slickers is a great movie that most don't know about ! !
positive	i love carrie . however , i am disturbed by what she had to go through . carrie white is a tormented and made fun of high school girl . people throw tampons at her . the walls are spray painted with the nasty words carrie white eats sh * t ! and no one seems to even care that this girl is being unfairly treated . not even this girl's mother . unbeknownst to them , carrie has telekinesis . basically , in simpler words , she's going to kill them . and they're going to die a very gory death . what i like about this film is that it does not justify or promote what carrie or her tormenters do . every bad thing the characters do come back to haunt them . and unfortunatley , most of them suffer at the hands of carrie . but in a way , we can't really blame her . the girl gets viciously abused at home , thrown coffee on , shoved , pelted with tampons , and told to eat sh * t every day . so it's no wonder why she strikes back at these ruthless tormentors . it may not be right , but we can sympathize with her for the hell she endured .
negative	doesnt make the grade . this move is unsuitable for little children yet too childish for adults . the troupe is knocked out by poppies . an educated person can tell that poppies are the producers of opium . so it implies that these heroes are really druggies . these loveable charecters whom children want to be like influence them to do things the majority of them might not have done if this movie was not shown to them .
positive	i love the seamless way that coppola mixes a gangster film and a jazz film into one , without any of the tired , corny clichs that you find in a lot of the latter day musical ( until the final sequence , when it totally catches you off balance ) . its also very effective in using historical figures and events as a backdrop to a fictional story . incredible cast , nicholas cage is at his best in an early role , bob hoskins and fred gwynn are brilliant and richard gere is actually acting , instead of being richard gere . and a very young diane lane is his love interest . the period recreation is pitch-perfect , with duke ellington , cab calloway , charlie chapin and louis armstrong showing up . the piece where they inter-splice gregory hines's solo tap dance with the hit on dutch schultz is one of the finest moments that coppola has ever filmed .
positive	this is probably the most moving aspiring and most touching , riveting , movie i have ever seen ! it's the life of a poor young black woman ( whoopi goldberg ) who's sold off into a marridge where her own kids and husband hate her , but soon this woman makes her own living and makes her own revenge and prosperity . i reccomend this movie to everyone .
positive	i like kevin bacon , and i like footloose . this movie made me dance and dance often .
negative	words cannot describe how awful i thought this movie was . it wasn't the acting , which i thought was good . it was the use of modern music in that era , it just didn't work for me . when like a virgin came on , that was it for me . i watched the rest of the movie with everyone else , but that was the point of no return . they could have had a wonderful movie without the stupid use of music that doesn't fit with that era . maybe i'm just too much of a history buff , i just couldn't stand it .
positive	the master movie from the master himself - sir alfred . being a lifelong movie buff , i can honestly say that no movie has caught me so off guard by its sheer jolt power . just when you think the movie is taking you in one direction - it does a complete 180 - and does it several times . psycho is the holy grail of all suspense / horror / thriller films . the portayal of norman bates by anthony perkins is incredible - once you see it , it's totally inconceivable that anyone else could possibly played the role . not only my favorite horror movie , but my favorite movie of all time . if hitchcock was van gogh . . . psycho would be his starry night .
negative	worse movie ever
positive	ever since it's release , raiders has been the gold standard to which action movies have aspired to .
positive	as of now this is my favorite movie . julia was so great in this movie she put on a good performance as she is a killer dancer . . . . . .
positive	this movie is great . it is vulgar and offensive but it's just a movie ! i would probly have to say that this is the funniest movie i have ever seen .
negative	i agree with irishgit : junk !
negative	one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
positive	great movie ! funny movie ! great cast !
positive	what a great cast ! it's great to enjoy a well-written and well-acted comedy . lisa kudrow shows that she performs as well in full-length movies as well as on friends . and deniro and billy crystal play off of each other beautifully . enjoy !
negative	watching this movie is like eating bad breath . terrible terrible terrible movie . even mean girls is better , and that hurts to say . . . but boobies beat ass-crack any day . don't see this movie
positive	this movie is another of the great movies of all times . it creates a modern mythology while never losing sense of 'story' .
positive	in the beginning of comedy , there was mel brooks .
positive	three words . . . kathey bates naked ! ! !
positive	wow ! you know , i wasn't sure to see this movie at first , since the reviews were very mixed . but finally i decided to rent it and give it a shot and i was just blown away ! i thought the story was really good - simple enough to be on film but complex enough to be interesting . and man , i've never fallen so in love with a movie before ! love stories don't usually grab me but i was just crying like there's no tomorrow at the end of this one . i know plenty of people don't like nicole kidman but i find her skills dazzling every time i see her , and ewan macgregor's performance was breathtaking . i'm glad i got to see him in a role that finally allows him to bear his amazing talent . i'll warn you , this movie is very subjective ; plenty of people didn't like it . but if you've been searching for a fiercely romantic feast for the senses that isn't your run-of-the-mill romantic drama or hum-drum romantic-comedy , then i recommend you give moulin rouge a try .
negative	worst movie ever !
positive	these go to eleven !
positive	just as good as the show ( ok , maybe better ) , i can't wait for more ! !
negative	renee zellwegger : overrated .
positive	the sound alone was oscar material-make sure you watch it with a good sound system
positive	my dog skip . . . . very umotionall made me pour out teers . its about a boy with not many friends in the 1940s during world war two . his next door niehgbor is a famous baseball player and he gives him tips on baseball and they are good friends . then the famous baseball player goes to war . the boys ( i dont remember any of the names ) mom gives him a dog for his birthday without his dad knowing . he almost has to get rid of the dog because of his dad . but he gets to keep him . this dog makes his life alot better . until everything goes wrong . . . . . i give it a five
positive	classical music will never be the same again . this is one of the greatest psychological thrillers i've ever seen .
positive	i watched this movie as an annual event until i was into my 30's . it's timeless . i bought the dvd so my 4 year old granddaughter can enjoy it . possibly the greatest movie of all time .
positive	johnny depp steals the show . again . he also wrote his own character's ominous , sexy theme music !
positive	i guess this movie was too much for dart to understand .
positive	i thought this movie was soooo funny ! i cant like explain myself why i liked it but its a must-see so just watch and see for yourself .
positive	gossip . . . . gossip . . . we want gossip . . . .
negative	this has to be one of the alltime worst movies . it is just hard to watch . as a story it fails , as a musical it fails terribly . just a bad movie .
positive	this john ford movie should be much further up the list ! john wayne is a misfit and a loner on a quest to rescue his neice who was stolen by the indians . why does wayne's character really want to find her ? duke is more of an anti-hero than hero here . the last scene is terrific--wind it back and watch it again .
positive	event horizon rules . one of the best sci-fi / horror / hounting movie set in outer space you ever get . you have to get some guts to see the blood though , but it is not a movie about blood . it is pure monster-less horror . really hounted ! my sci-fi number # 2 after matrix ! sadly there are people who don't think this way , but it is really underrated movie .
positive	desrved every thing it won . can only be compared to who's afraid of virginia woolf . see them both now !
positive	great drama , great effects . story was well told . . . . . .
positive	one of the weirdest and best movies you may ever see . the matrix combines awesome special effects , a great story line , and spectacular acting all into one of the best sci-fi films ever . this is a must see for any fans of the unusual . don't leave the movie store without it .
positive	graphics look realistic . realistic images of life . the storyline is good and interesting .
positive	stupid but bs is so hot id like to suck her titties
negative	this has this distinction of being the only movie to cause me to fall asleep in the theater . skip it and rent an older bond flick .
positive	the poiseidon adventure unlike many other action films , has an extremly winning soundtrack featuring the song , the morning after . anyways , the movie is extremly heartpounding and astonishing . the special effects are amazing , and it is so much better then titanic .
negative	i hte werewolves and i hate salt and vineger pringles . once i pop i just cant stop puking . this movie was stupid . alls im saying is if you really wanted to blow people to crap it wouldnt be as difficult as they make it seem . uuuh rahhhh anarchist cookbook
positive	this movie is amazing . the storyline is so well written and the acting is also pretty good . i just love the idea of this movie . i could watch this movie over and over again . it is by far the best of the trilogy . i can't believe this movie is already 20 years old . i remember when it came out . this is when you start feeling old .
positive	denzel , is too much . he is the best .
positive	jack nicholson was hilarious as a fiction writer with multiple mental poblems . he and helen hunt had a special chemistry that i haven't seen in a long time- despite their age difference . when i saw it in the theater , everybody raved about it . i could feel how much the character played by him loved her son .
positive	excellent film ! it was very touching . a chance for many african-american male actors to shine . it was a historically based film that was semi-accurate . no unnecessary battles / bloody scenes . at the time of release , it showed a part of history few knew about . great musical score , haunting melodies .
positive	im not even bored of after seen it 13 times . one of the best action movies ever made .
positive	i love silly movies
positive	this film was very funny ! although it was descusting in parts wich made it that little bit funnier because everyone is like 'ewwwwww' ! i rented this on dvd and im now tempted to buy it !
positive	a wonderfull movie . george lucas' look at growing up in california in the '60's . a must for any collection .
positive	it's the most classic movie . i love that it made me cry when most movies are so fake these days . it gave me and understanding of young boys .
positive	the award-winning fim-which was recently re-released stars richard dreyfus as duddy who schemes his way to acquiring restricted land in a great adaptation of the mordecai richler classic .
positive	a classic stanley kubrick movie , who is incapable of producing a bad film . the movie was both hilarious and poignant , reminiscent of catch-22 in its satirical yet altogether believable portrayal of world militaries .
positive	greatest martial arts film in history .
positive	only a few words describe this wonderful , wonderful movie . women rule ! when i left this movie , i felt like i could do anything despite what people throw in my path .
positive	this movie is one of the best action movies of all time . it has so much feeling and action at the same time .
positive	not many movies really make you laugh out loud throughout , but this one sure did . hysterical !
positive	what a terrific disney movie . if i were to rate my favorite recent disney animated full length movie it would be this one . very well done , good songs , funny and romantic . i saw this at the theater with my kids and enjoyed every bit of it . the characters were fun to watch . the talking clocks , and other objects . i loved it when belle and the beast found they cared for one another . this movie has some of the best songs . be our guest and the rest . no wonder they turned this into a broadway play .
positive	been a while since i seen this movie , but i do remember it being hilarious .
positive	i thought this movie was funny . he actually had 3 teams of fact checkers and 2 teams of lawyors go through the whole movie to assert everything was fact . i do however agree with he uses his biased opinion to present his information . but that's what biased film makers do . i don't agree with everything he says , but we need someone like this to oppose the common belief and to open minds in our society . and hey , it won an oscar , it can't have been that bad . i thought the film was very entertaining . no it's not about guns ultimately , it's about the us being a culture of fear , and guess what guys . i'm from australia and i've lived in the us for 3 years now . it is a culture of fear . he was right .
positive	theme is about how everyone has their own sense of what finding beauty in life entails . the film illustrates that the traditional model of american beauty -- a nice home with your family in the suburbs -- can be a shallow facade and not as fulfilling as it appears . the theme suggests that deviating from glorified suburban ideals ( by taking a fast food job , dating someone younger , befriending a misfit , being mistaken as gay , etc . ) will bring you fierce recrimination , yet may be the only way for some to discover true happiness in life . the movie wasn't designed to be an uplifting crowd pleaser , as much as one that provokes with its message . while i was uncomfortable watching the movie at times , it was intriguing and affecting enough for me to want to view many key scenes a second time immediately afterward . as the movie states , where some might just see an empty bag floating in the wind , another might see beauty .
negative	horrible casting . none of them could have ever been losers because the look too pretty . plot stunk like rotting flesh . best scene is the dream sequence in the credits .
positive	best movie i ever saw . everone should see it .
positive	a great comedy and does a great job as a spoof . cary elwes is a great comic actor , and dave chapelle is the funniest guy alive . is callmetootie here ? cause i hate her .
positive	world war i is one of the great under-studied wars of all time , chock full of its own unique , hellish drama . can be paired with either all quiet on the western front ( 1930 ) - the other greatest wwi film drama , or kubrick's lesser ( but still good ) other war drama , full metal jacket ( '87 ) , set in vietnam .
positive	it's a great movie . it shows you the innocence of that time . you see richie grow up and the hardships of his family . you gain a great understanding of his life , his family , his music . it's a touching movie about a great musician . if anyone loves donna this is a must see movie .
positive	i'm 11 years old . i thought this movie was great ! ! ! i've seen it 3 times and i rate it my favorite movie ! i've been waiting for it to come on video and pleased to say its coming out on november 21 . i think everyone should see chicken run ! ! ! !
positive	the scarest film of all time and i've saw them all
negative	what i have to say will not earn a helpful rating from anyone , but i'll say it anyway : this movie was corny in places , stupid in other places , and it had violence . i couldn't find anything to like about it .
positive	water boy was hilarious - adam sandler's best
positive	a really funny , family movie . the kids are great actors and the story is great .
positive	it was hilarious and the graphics were fab !
positive	a movie that you can watch over and over again and never get bored . you just can't help but be drawn in by ferris's unique charm . he's the guy that we all want to be . i thought that matthew broderick played the role perfectly , and what a hilarious performance by jeffrey jones . i never get bored watching this movie , and if i ever see it on when i'm just browsing the channels , i'll watch it despite the countless times i've seen it before . the movie's blatant sarcasm is what i like best about it .
positive	i found this movie phenomenal on all levels . the cast had excellent chemistry and amazing talent . the script was a beautiful mix of poetry , humor , drama and plain insanity . i think many were able to associate with the characters on one level or another , especially reaching out to teens , who can often find commonalities with the main character and perhaps the others as well .
positive	awesome movie ; acting was great !
positive	pretty ok .
negative	x-men seemes like a promising movie . my favorite wolverine failed to meet the standard . special effects were pretty cool but overall the story didn't go anywhere . action is low and the plot is an absolute disaster .
negative	only saw a few minutes of this horrid movie . i am glad american idol got wise . after this junk . a very sad kick back to the beach party movies from the 60s . kelly at least managed to go on and have a career . as for justin , where is he now ?
positive	better than the first one . not too many movies get better than the original , but this one does . it continues from the first movie , but it seems to have more violence , which makes it off the hook .
positive	we loved seeing this movie today . my 9 year old twins , my 11 year old daughter , my 14 year old son and myself . this was a lot of fun , i am such a fan of antonio banderas . the only thing that bugged me ( not my kids ) was that they forgot to wrap up at the ending the rescue of the people the whole movie was about rescuing ! oops but otherwise it was a lot of fun . i've never seen a movie with so many gadgets .
negative	they did not follow the plot of the book , they did not have all the charracters from the book , where the hell was mekare , the real queen of the damned ? jesse and lestat did not , nor will they ever end up together . where was louie ? he was supposed to be kissed by lestat before lestat ever went out on stage . armand was not blonde , is not blonde , and never in his everlasting life will he ever be blonde ! he is russian , with long red-brown hair . pandora never died , she still lives out her existance hating and loving what she is . where as lestat's mother , gabriel ? she should have at least had a minor part in the movie ! this movie is one of the worst i have ever seen . every copy should be burned .
positive	this is a great movie . i love it . the sets for this movie look so empressive along with the cgi . and the idea of cloning dinosaurs isn't to far fetched . this movie is truly one of the greatest spielberg movies of all time . it is exciting throughout the whole movie and you are captovatide the whole way threw . if you havn't seen this movie , it is a definate must see . it is truley a great movie .
negative	what was the imax thinking ?
positive	this movie was actually pretty funny , seeing as it had many aspects to it : romance , gore , comedy , drama . it was a good movie , if you don't mind a few profanitie and sex scenes here and there .
positive	shows the graphic reality of war . one of the best story lines ever . awesome performance by tom hanks .
positive	this was such an original story and script . it was able to play off well with the story of good versus evil . there was a lot of good action and the costumes were cool .
positive	my favorite movie ever , you will fall in love with it . i have yet to share this movie with a friend where it has not quickly become one of her favorites . a great story , i am not the emotional type , i didnt cry with all my friends at titanic , etc . , but this one did it for me !
positive	great film . slightly confusing until seeing the end of the film and watching it again .
positive	just about the funniest movie i had seen in a long time . one of the rare movies that i can watch over & over .
negative	apparently , i'm one of the few who thinks differently than the rest about this movie . i hated it . i'm beginning to come to the realization that i hate fantasy , sci-fi type movies that last for hours . i did not appreciate star wars , harry potter , or this . i read the harry patter books , and liked them fine . i'm considering reading these , althought the movie is a huge deterrent . i vow , from this day foward , never to sit through another movie like this .
positive	does any body think thet the director made it seem that the main character matt damon died in the mexican prison and the rest of the movie was what death was like for him . because all through the movie there were mentions of death and weird things happened after he was stabbed .
positive	one of the most influential horror films scince the texas chainsaw massacre . john carpenter really out did himself this time . micheal myers is one of the most interesting , unique , and creepy characters ever created . this movie keeps up this creepy feel to it and well , this is one of the foundations of horror today . great score too , really goes with the movie . this is a must see horror classic .
negative	it was the brits who did it all , the americans were not involved . dont cry people , no americans died here , so of course no one died worth crying about . i wonder , if the film had been made with english accents and the subs were called 'hms whatever' instead of 'ss whatever' would this film have ever been even seen in the us . somehow i dont think so . this makes me sick . claiming the heroic deeds of the british as your own and not mentioning them at all .
positive	ben hur was a revolutionary movie with respect to special effects featured in it . most notably , the sea battle , and the warrior cart scenes are outstanding . of course , considered from our turn of the century point of view , those effects may seem 'primative' ( bad word ) but the movie as a whole counts as one of the most significant in movie history . also by depicting biblical events and the historical surroundings in a very attractive way .
positive	this movie is very interesting because it is supposedly based on a real life situation , even though i'm not sure about the spooks haunting the house , but it was a good movie , keeping me on the edge of my couch . i gave this film a 5 .
positive	the comedy version of indiana jones . one of those movies you don't get tired of
positive	go see this movie . the special effects in this movie are best ever created . while the first one had plain , ordinary deaths , the deaths in this one are superb ! its more silly than the first one . i dont want to give away the deaths on here but if you really want to know how they die just leave me a personal message .
positive	i was 4 when star wars came out and my parents took me to see it when it came out , i have grown up all my life loving the star wars trilogy i am a fan but revenge of the sith is the best star wars movie yet , if even only for the unbelievable effects , which is why everyone in 1977 went to see this unbelivable movie it is the perfect final movie for the perfect beginning . p . s . i love all the star wars movies and i am praying to my yoda god to pls pls pls give us the last three . if you enjoy any star wars movies then you will love this .
positive	it's a film to watch and experience a surprising change of heart a man on death row can have . watch it and learn how to forgive anyone !
positive	groundhog day is without question of the funniest and most inventive comedy i have ever seen . . . . . brilliant brilliant brillaint ! ! ! ! !
positive	chris tucker is an awesome actor he is so funny . jackie chan is cool . he is an awesome stuntman . the first movie was good this one is great .
negative	its just bad . the story is terrible , the acting is very weak . the comedy in the movie wasn't even funny . to the ppl who created this : plz end yourself
positive	munich is a triumph . ( jaws : fish bites boat . . . . . . . . . . et : a fuggly alien can be cuddly . . . . . . . saving private ryan : wwii was about dumb-dumb matt damon ? ) this movie is speilberg's redemption song . eric bana is a knight on a quest to vanquish evil , but as we know , like the poor , our lord said evil will always be with us . . . our best friend our intimate enemy . the violence and the shock value puts other hacks to shame . . . . . . . . ( scott / scorcese / attenborough / coppolla / peckinpah / tarantino etc ) these lessons of munich will be learned & re-learned , off screen & off -----god help us .
positive	just as good if not better than toy story .
positive	great script , great cast , great production . this is the movie i never hesistate to recommend to people . oscars for best original screenplay and for kevin spacey for best supporting actor , were well-deserved . see it !
positive	patricia arquette's presence helped me to overlook the occasional hole in the story . great commentary on / against organized religion .
positive	our local radio talk show host ( chuck baldwin live pensacola , florida ) bought out 2 theatres showing the patriot and offered free admission to his listening audience as a thank you for 6 years on the air . over 350 people of all ages watched and all loved it ! i would rank it as good as a gone with the wind epic and i really appreciated a movie that i was able to take my kids to . it taught them some history and patriotic principles . there were some very violent scenes , but i think it needed to be told to show children the horrors of war and the price for freedom !
positive	fantastic . i'm a huge fan and i love every song in the movie .
positive	this is a real masterpiece . not only one of the best movies about judgments in the history but one of the best i ve ever seen . incredible group of characters performed by actors like james stewart , ben gazzara or the beautiful lee remick . preminger doesn t need to show you the characters more than a minute for you to know them well . that s classic cinema . fine camera movements , great use of the time ( not the videoclips we are used to see these days ) and a marvellous script that doesn t use the flashbacks in order not to give you subjective information , you only know what happened thanks to what characters say . you can believe it or not . that s intelligent . because at the end , you can only still supposse what happened ! . if you haven t seen it , go and look for it ! , i promise you won t regret .
positive	one of the few good cartoon films that isnt made by disney . does anyone remember the land before time puppets they gave away at pizza hut when the original came out . the sequels are crap , especially when they try to bring singing into it . this though is quality .
negative	it's horrible the animated version is awesome but , this is terrible imtatiaon the animated version rules ! ! this one sucks ! !
positive	very heartfelt - a tearjerker too . you really , really feel for marty and his girl , even when he screws up from being so rusty . it never casts a dim light on women even though it's told from the man's perspective . well , let me amend that - his mother and aunt are nuts , but other than that , this movie is a great character study that everyone will sympathize with .
positive	i think this is jim's best movie , he pulls of the premise flawlessly . a lawyer that can not lie it is unheard of even ridiculous but jim does it for 24 hours and it is very funny .
positive	forrest gump is a beautifully directed film that deals with important contemporary issues . it presents issues of single motherhood , aids , mental retardation and advocacy . forrest gump is a great story of how one man with a very low iq became very financially successful . it is a story of rough beginnings and great adventures . forrest gump represents the best of what a decent life can be .
positive	this is a great movie and it is really funny a must c 4 all skateboarders and all people who really dig funny movies i hope they make a grind 2
positive	classic . one of the best movies ever made . yes the dance movies are great , yes the storyline is genius , yes gene kelly and debbie reynolds are wonderful , but it's jean hagen who makes this movie great .
positive	awesome ! sandra bullock and benjamin bratt also did a very good job . i really god the feeling of thier relationship as others didn't . well , i highly recomment this movie to comedy lovers !
positive	one of my favorite comedies . debbie reynolds and albert brookes really did a great job with this funny script . the lines are really humorous and reminded me of my own family . i highly recommend renting this .
negative	if stephen king was dead , he'd have rolled over in his grave
negative	if i could give this movie a minus rating , i would . this movie sucked so bad , i got my money back at the ticket booth ! don't waste your time on this one , or your money . absolutely horrible ! they just don't make horror movies with any real horror in them nowadays . the last movie that actually made me pick my feet up off the floor in sheer terror was the exorcist . do yourself a favor , rent a classic , and hold your honey tight .
positive	you just know they're making fun of star trek fans , but even being a trekker myself , i loved this movie . the laughs don't stop ! !
positive	great movie -- i'm usually lukewarm about the coen brothers , but this movie really touched me . my favorite part was that the cop's husband turned out to be designing stamps . seemed at once humbe and noble .
positive	great movie -- i'm usually lukewarm about the coen brothers , but this movie really touched me . my favorite part was that the cop's husband turned out to be designing stamps . seemed at once humbe and noble .
positive	joybyc , do you know how to comment on movies ? then i will tell you : you're suppose to give a reason why you didn't enjoy the movie , not if you liked it or thought it sucked . it's only idiots like these people who put austin powers movies down , everybody else ( including me ) thinks they're brilliant !
positive	this movie is funnier every time i see it . brilliant performances-especially by john goodman .
positive	i thought this film was very beautifully filmed , very simplistic and very , very good . as some of you may know , i'm not a religious person , but i did appreciate this film . to anyone who thinks that subtitles are distracting - you are missing out on a wealth of fantastic foreign films , unless you can withstand disgustingly bad dubbing with horrible voiceovers . i think one of the reasons why i like this film is because it wasn't screaming at people to believe in jesus and god . it was just simply saying 'this is what this man suffered and he took it on' . it could have been rounded out a bit better , but the essence of the story is there . the scenes of him being whipped and nailed to the cross were convincing and certainly made me wince . hats off to mel gibson , he could have gone over-the-top and made it longer than 2 hours and far more intense , but he kept it in line and i definately do not regret having this in my dvd collection .
positive	the lost boys has to be one of the best vampire films ever made . the cast is great . keifer sutherland and jason patric are great . the soundtrack to it is great . death by stereo ! ! !
negative	i thought this movie was dumb . i should have went high . seriously , i laughed once .
positive	claudette colbert . this movie , the pace of the humor , the way they fell in love- the hotel , i love this movie and can watch it over and over again .
positive	i loved all the songs in this movie . the captain's children were all sorts of ages , and it was easy to read and understand their thoughts when compared to your own thoughts and experiences at that age . the scenery was beautiful and the story was great .
positive	kurosawa's adaptation of king lear is a beautiful , if a trifle long , work of art . i wouldn't put it at the peak of his craft , but it is excellent work .
positive	this movie rocks ! ! ! ! 1
positive	cast away still has me thinking about what life would be like living on a deserted island for 4 years with practically nothing . tom hanks did a spectacular job in this role . the movie was very realistic both in the beginning , middle , and end . i know many people didn't like the end , i thought it made the movie even better cause lets face it , not everything has a good ending and it made it realistic . the special effects were good and i liked how the dialog was minimal as well as the musical score . this movie was wonderful
positive	the godfather is mario puzzo's best creation . it being turned into a movie is even better . the corleonne family was to good to not be televised . a must see if you have not . very powerful . outstanding preformance by marlon brando and al pacino .
positive	dan ackroyd and john belushi are comic geniuses , and this is there masterpiece work . there are some trully hilarious moments and the soundtrack featured some of the best blues you will ever hear . the laughs come a mile a minute , so put on your sunglasses , fill up your tank and sit back enjoy two hours of absolute comedy at its finesy .
positive	this movie is so funny ! ! and this is my good eye .
positive	even though babsy is a political nitwit , she is brilliant as fanny brice in this highly entertaining film .
positive	austin powers , from the beginning to the end , is really funny . for instance when he is dancing on the street and the cop walks up to them , they all stop dancing , then start again with the cop dancing too . and dr . evil is no doubt the most lovable evil villain ever . his wild schemes that always get messed up make his character excellent . 5 stars for sure .
negative	astonishing . seldom has so much time , talent , energy and money in such a triumphantly atrocious piece of dog excrement . has to be seen to be believed .
positive	just saw the newest version of this movie and i loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it's scarry as hell ! ! and the zombies move faster than humans , which makes you freak out more . this movie makes you think , what if it really happened ? ? ?
negative	boring , brutal . . . . what happened to this train wreck .
positive	i think the movie equilibrium is the best scifi movie there is after the matrix
positive	i felt i had to rate this film to point out an error a lot of people seem to be making . the fighting that everyone is going mad about in the film , while being very accurate and thus nasty to watch , is also supposed to symbolise the inner turmoil going on within edward nortons charachter . the person who recommended people watch it but fast forward the fight scene's , is mis guiding people . the fight scenes are as important as the rest of the story , as they are supposed to give you an actualisation of his inner turmoil . well , in my opinion , anyway . one more point- everyone seems to think that the main charachters name is jack ( nortons ) , but if you watch the film again , you will see he only adopts this name after reading an article in a magazine he found in the house he shares with tyler- something about jack's kidney or something- anyway the point is we never find out his name , as it's not considered important because all that happens is done by tyler anyway . opinionated- i am , right- your call !
negative	just dreadful . but what else could it be , having that awful book as a basis .
negative	painful to watch . catwoman & hellboy the one two punch of the " b " rated superheor flicks .
positive	the movie was one the best ( if not the best ) . it's definetely on my top 10 list . it brings out such a great message that sometimes we take for granted . freedom . mel gibson was terrific . . .
positive	resident evil was one of the best scary movies in a while due to the fact that it didnt try and scare u by grossing you out with a whole bunch of blood and guts , but by playing with your mental fears . and thats why it gets a five star rating .
positive	the best scary movie ever !
positive	this is said to be the best french movie ever produced , and i don't doubt it a sec ! it's fabulous ! it gives you such a good feeling , although amelie doesn't only do good things . . . but we forget it 'cause the other people ( the ones she doesn't treat very well ) are very bad people themselves . it's said that amelie discribes a perfect society that doesn't exist anywhere and which wount be realized ever . . . i'm not so sure about that . what the film discribes is creativity and actions done by heart . i know this exist . i think the people commenting saying that amelie is unrealistic , say so 'cause they feel themselves would never be able to live up to the ideals of the movie . but don't blame the audience for that . i know many people as good as amelie in the movie . take gandhi as an example ! i would like to recommend to the entire world to go to the nearest cinema and see this beautiful film ! this movie is actually said to better than la vita e bella ( life is beautiful ) , american beauty and psycho , and i can see why ! it has become an integrated part of the french president eleccion campaign . . . it'll paralize me if it turns out that amelie don't win the oscar for best foreign movie this year ! : - )
positive	you're joking , right ? this movie started a genre of high-quality science fiction films no one has seen since 2001 . eyes popped and jaws dropped . seeing it for the first time was an experience i will never forget .
positive	this movie easily amazed me when i first saw it . the dark atmosphere it projected was beautiful , and the presentation of the alien was excellent . you never really saw the whole alien in a single scene , which gave for a mysterious feeling . at the alien was an original concept . the birth and life cycle or the creature seemed very original to me . and this movie had a good story . the reason i like this movie more than the others was because sigourny weaver wasn't the glorified heroine . she was just another equal member of the crew trying to survive .
negative	atually , i'm a big fan of tbwp . . . after watched the first tbwp , i always try to find the conclusion . i think all of you , want it too . is that right ? suddenly , when i heard the news 'bout the next blair witch ( bw 2 ) , my heart start pushing me to buy the movie . . . . but finally , after watching the bw 2 . . . . i felt regret . . . it is because the movie is sick . . . suck . it just wasted my money . before buying the movie . . i think that the movie will start at the rustun parr's house but is not . i would like to suggest that the next bw will continue from the rustin parr's house and make a conclusion ( whatever it's true or not ) . keep up a good work . . . .
positive	the greatest bruce lee movie of all . a lot of excellent fight scenes . the movie has a very good plot . this action movie set the standard for martial arts movies of the future . best martial arts movie of all time .
positive	best legal comedy ever ! two scenes come to mind imediately when you mention this film to me . scene one : in the cafe , vinny picks up the menu . shows the menu to his girlfriend : 'so what do you think , breakfast ? ' 'breakfast sounds good . ' then they show you the menu , with three things on it ; breakfast , lunch , dinner . scene two : in the court room , vinny is crossing a witness . 'isn't it possible that the two yout's . . . ' 'say what ? ' 'excuse me your honor' 'what was that word ? ' 'what ? ' 'did you say youts ? ' 'yeah . ' 'what is a yout ? ' 'oh , pardon me your honor , two youthssssss . '
negative	stupid picture . stupid actrees .
positive	i am not usually a fan of thriller movies . especially those slasher ones . this one was good . anthony hopkins was great a s hannibal lector . a psychiatrist who is in jail for murdering people and eating them . yet he has a brilliant mind about understanding the minds of killers . there is another serial killer on the lose who kidnaps women skins them and kills . them . jodie fosters plays clarice who is hired to investigate the crimes and help find the killer . she goes to hannibal who is in maximum security to talk with hannibal to help find the killer . he agrees help so he can be transferred . there are some good chillingly frightening scenes in this movie between hannibal , clarice and tracking down the next serial killer who we do get to see , { a real freak of a guy } as thrillers go this was a pretty well done movie .
positive	i am not a huge star wars fan , but when i went to go see revenge of the sith i was amazed by all it had to offer . the special effects along with the scenery was excellent . i enjoyed the acting very much . this movie really dishes out all emotions . i love the part where obi wan and anakin are battling it out and at the same time yoda and the evil chancellor are fighting as well . this movie has a ton of action and gets really sad as anakin destroys everything so great with just one poor decision . hes that character you love to hate . go see this movie .
positive	one of hitchcock's masterpieces as well as one of the best films of all time ! excellent picture !
positive	another fantastic film in john wayne's portfolio of magnificent films .
positive	all i have to say is that this film should have won the best picture oscar !
positive	one of almodovar's best and one of the funniest movies ever made . carmen maura is outstanding as the harried and much put-upon protagonist .
positive	john ford's classic western with john wayne is still worth seeing and still deserving of 5 stars after all of this time . this is the benchmark against which other westerns are measured .
positive	this was my mom's favorite-she likes yule brenher and it was about siam . i like the costumes , setting and era . the music is great . being asian , i was immediately captured by the culture , and don't recall any other asian muscials so it is even more special .
negative	comedy , no . accurate representation of karaoke subculture , no way . well-written , ixnay . engaging , only the storyline about the man who quits his job and goes crazy ; but - it went down the tubes and the promise was broken .
positive	this movie , when compared to pocahontas is less offensive and does show what american indians believe in their stories they tell . truly , the animal characters are cute ; and surely a fine movie to watch one who feels sympathy after taking the life away from a momma bear and learning how it is to a bear while taking care of the orphan . though it did not win an oscar ( finding nemo won for best animated film ) , it is great that it got listed as a nominee . ( see disney's masterpiece movies in weblists for a similar comment on this movie . )
negative	who are these apologists ? the critics were right to trash this dog of a movie .
positive	this has to be my all time favorite . it is a wonderful film .
positive	no matter what others might say . . . this film is good . the story is excellent , ( as many harry potter fans will tell you ! ) and the directing has made the magical side of it stand out in a fantasical quality . for all the fans out there i do agree that it is a great movie . the director has done a great job bringing the books to life so far and i think that this film was better than the last one . having read the books there are a few differences in from the orginal story , but how can you expect a movie from such an imaginitive book to be exactly the same as the written version ? this film following from the perviuos is one of those rareties . . . a sequel that is actualy as good ( and better ) than the first one . . . i look forward to the next movie and advise everyone to try and see this film . it was one of the must sees for the past year and now that its on dvd its even better !
positive	this movie was great ! i am a huge fan of the evil dead trilogy , and this is one of my favorites . just like army of darkness , is your looking to be scared , this is not the movie to watch , this movie is hilarious . bruce campbell does it again with his great one liners and great acting . bruce campbell is my hero . bruce campbell is back at the cabin this time with his girlfriend . he dicovers a tape player , plays it and the adventure begins . yet another perfect blend of horror and comedy . sam raimi is a genius . i highly reccomend that you see this movie , a guarunteed laugh riot ! gotcha you little sucker
negative	when i first tried to rent this , the guy at the video store snatched it away from me and said i'm sorry , i just can't let you leave with this movie , it's that bad . now i know why . this isn't the worst movie i've ever seen , but it's not that far behind , either . it's like a really crappy rehash of ringu ( japanese film , 1998 ; the american remake , the ring , came out in 2002 , the same year as feardotcom ) , with the same basic idea of if you watch this , you will die in x amount of days . i did like the reasoning behind it ( a tortured soul wanting revenge ) , but it just didn't make for a strong story . the true antagonist's motives were never really explained ( he just kind of liked torturing women for fun , i guess ) . the excessive nudity and violence , some of which is highly disturbing , seemed as if it were there only for shock value and nothing more . if your local video rental guy really cares , he won't let you leave with this video .
positive	the meaning of the wall is that we r all in this confusion together and that killing yourself is not the way out and all people go through the same emotions and high times and low times
positive	real great movie its about a girl who wants to find her true dreams well then theres some problems its not just easy squezzy she has a boy who likes her and almost get fired
positive	outstanding !
positive	it would great to have a mogwai for a pet , providing you don't get them wet and feed them after midnight .
positive	dr . suess was genius with the christmas special it's funny , classic and a very good cartoon movie ! !
negative	they're running this hideous thing on television now . so , i thought i'd see what all the negative hype was about and i watched part of it . i can't believe it ; these two dinks actually managed to come up with a new film genre - comic porn . both sad and funny .
positive	i'd like to rate my uncles movies but ive only seen cool runnings . john candy was my great uncle . . . i never met him personally . what happened to him ? i dont want to bring up the subject in my family , it might be too upsetting ! !
positive	i read a review of this movie that said you forget you're watching someone play ray charles , and it couldn't be more true . jamie foxx was incredible . and you probably couldn't find a more interesting life to make a movie about .
positive	dustin hoffman brings the house down in this delightful comedy , that paved the way for mrs . doubtfire and other crossdressing favorites . a different movie from most other comedies thereby making it deserving of a high rating for individuality if nothing else . not to mention that it is insanely funny .
positive	best movie ever ! ! ! i've seen it nine times and bought the soundtrack its amazing . so is catherine zeta-jones as velma . she soooo deserved the oscar
positive	could this be another oscar for kevin spacey ? i think so . this was definitely a movie with a message . i thoroughly enjoyed it and highly recomend it . pay it forward is a great concept , and a great movie .
positive	an intense psychological thriller and especially great if you've seen the other movies before it . acting was amazing - anthony hopkins and julianne moore were great .
positive	the best movie in the world .
positive	the best movie in the world .
negative	i have seen better flops from a fish on a river bank . . .
positive	one of the greatest movies ever made . brought forth a feeling that we are not alone . sort of like orson wells radio broadcast of the aliens attacking .
positive	aliens was ahead of it's time . caseless cartridges , suspended animation , etc are all real things now .
positive	jack did good ! ! strong plot and subtlely humorous .
positive	arguably one of stanley kubrick's most exciting movies , a clockwork orange violently takes on the ideas of morality and sensitivity . while the obscene scenes ( which helped to ban the movie for a couple of decades ) show how the main character becomes too sensitive to like crime and rape , the viewer becomes desensitized , and vice versa . this movie also shows how evil impulses transcends who people seem to be .
positive	this movie includes one of the great court scenes ever done in a movie . i'm can handle the truth : this movie was fantastic .
negative	beyond stupid , i regret taking my kids to see this lame movie . disney can do better than this !
negative	what kind of plot was this ? besides predictability and a cliched storyline , the story went nowhere . fx did not save this movie . poor acting too .
negative	i can not believe that this picture got best picture ! i hadn't seen it before then so had to go rent it . i was enormously disappointed . this movie is about as highly rated as magnolia . both movies suck'
positive	i love this movie . i can't think of the main charters name but she is bomb .
positive	this movie was brilliantly made and could go either way . either you love it or you hate it . even those who say they hate it won't dare take there eyes off of it from beginning to end . one of the greatest movies i ever saw .
positive	he helped draft the port huron statement and was a roadie for metallica ! that summed up the dude's accomplishments . what a great flick !
positive	i love save the last dance , whoever hasn't seen it need to go see it , trust me you will love it . save the last dance is the best movie i've ever seen , i love julia stiles and sean patrick thomas . i made a list of my 10 best and favorite movies and save the last dance is # 1 on my list . you won't be sorry when you go see it , save the last dance is the best movie of all time .
positive	nemesis epitomizes how a trek movie should be ! starting off with the classic star trek the next generation theme against a background of moving stars , you know you are in for a great motion picture ! the special effects are awesome and even beat the ones found in first contact and insurrection . the awesome cast of actors could show tom cruise , vin diesel and other overrated dramatic actors a good lesson in how to act . the plot is great and has a lot of mind games , just as a trek plot should . there are some awesome touches of continuity : from previous events , characters from deep space nine and voyager ( ! ! ! ! ) , old friends dropping by , other alien races from past adventures and more . the action sequences are so much better than james bond , xxx , mission impossible and others that its not even funny . rivaling wrath of khan and first contact for best trek movie ever , i gladly give nemesis five out of five stars ! !
positive	excellent special effects . i like the story , but i didn't understand why they named the movie romeo must die .
positive	very funny movie about a man who takes his job very serious in being a waterboy .
negative	unless you enjoy watching a grumpy , drunk , jerk say the f word every 5 minutes , then i do not recommend this movie . billy bob plays such a miserable character it makes the movie painful to watch . then in the last scene when he tries to redeem himself its too little too late , and seems way too unlikely that such a loser would finally develope any sort of compassion . dont waste your time .
positive	best movie ever ! !
positive	best movie ever ! !
positive	this story takes place in the nineteenth century in a little town in france named lourdes . bernadette is a peasant girl who sees a vision of the blessed virgin mary . she experiences a lot of suffering because of her chosen status as a messenger of the holy virgin . her family also bore some ridicule as a result . there is much drama involved , and miracles are depicted . vincent price has a strong role as a cynic . one miracle was reported in the press of the day , and it involved the lourdes grotto onlookers becoming soaking wet from a downpour ; when suddenly , the sun appeared and seemed to be heading straight toward the earth . people reportedly were hysterical , and naturally , many promised to change their lives . then the sun stopped its direction , and returned to its position in the sky . the movie was a smash hit in 1943 , and its lead actress , jennifer jones , won the academy award for best actress . there are powerful performances in the supporting categories , which earned oscar nominations for gladys cooper , anne revere and charles bickford . the director , henry king also was a nominee , as was the film . " the song of bernadette " wound up with 12 oscar nominations . it won in several categories .
positive	best holiday movie ever ! ! one of the few movies that gets me choked up at the end ! !
positive	coop is an american fighting for the reds in republican spain in this rendition of the hemingway novel . ingrid begman is lovely , but casting her as a spaniard ?
positive	walken is super in this made-for-him role . a disturbing picture with the viewer finding themselves hurting for johnny . the music score is super and this movie is compelling and chilling at times . great movie .
positive	princess bride was a wonderful fantasy movie . it had everything a good story should have- humor , romance , adventure , and surprises . princess bride was superbly acted and the characters lived on the screen . more movies like this need to be made . it is a movie children and adults both can love .
negative	mira sorvino wonders why her career went downhill ?
positive	well , just call me simple and dull but i liked this movie . i just got a kick out of the sweet character finding himself in so many experiences and he never realized how diverse these things were . i also loved his attitude of never thinking he was more than he was . what in the world can be wrong with a story of a sweet , kind man in some extremely funny and sometimes sad moments .
positive	stupid crude disgusting adolescent humor . i give it 5-stars .
negative	swiss family robinson was the most boring disney feature i have ever gone through in my life . it was a very bad experience watching this film , as it tried mixing the sound of music with gilligan's island . nope , it didn't work walt .
positive	so much better than that cinematic tripe from baz luhrman . . .
positive	great movie . the final scenes of the movie are fabulous . i even liked the baldwin brother in this movie .
positive	one of the best movies of the summer ! great cast with equally great plot . just incredible .
positive	the more time goes by , the better this movie seems . although rooted in -- and inspired by -- the cold war and mccarthyism , robert wise's neat , unpretentious tale is truly timeless . fine performances by michael rennie , patricia neal , and sam jaffe-- plus gort , one of the great robots in film history .
positive	this is a hoot--puncturing the righteous folk music fad . i suppose most of you don't remember the folk music craze of the 1950's and 1960's . lucky you ! lots of scrubbed up and later scruffy music cranks strummed and hummed and bummed their way around the country warbling about oppression and recession and depression and regression and obsession , ad naseum . this movie skewers the kingston trio , ian and sylvian and others . it is great fun . ( i have an admission to make . i rather liked the folk era ! )
negative	although it has one or 2 amusing moments , it again turns too raunchy for its own good and has distatesful visual gags , too many sex jokes and too much profanity . about the only light are the occasionally-amusing parents , who swim in and out of tasteful and yucky . the acting is still sub-par , except for the father , and the plot is innane . avoid this movie !
positive	best comedy ever , but i also need to know if anyone remembers what song is playing when their getting ready for the prom soilentgreen @ box . com
negative	the movie is rather bland , with sparse moments of weak laughter to break the drawn out moments of predictable and dull events . i was all hyped up by the commercials that looked so promising , and then utterly disappointed when i left the theater ( which i shouldnt have even entered ) after 115 minutes of infantilizing ( and somewhat sleazy ) humor and awkward , repetitious dialogue ( ok , i get it 8 out of 10 women think that the first kiss is important . let it go already ) . youd think a movie with will smith and kevin james would be hilarious , but not even the best of actors can make this clich laden script work on the screen . best see another movie instead .
positive	now , first of all , i'd like to say that i liked this movie . i think it didn't deserve to be bashed by critics . it really only got 1 star , but now you know what all the people think . i think this was a very creative comedy .
positive	shirley eaton is fabulous .
positive	so bizarre . candy man one of my alltime favorite songs . the tunnel scene is one of the scariest moments in all of film .
positive	this wasn't a huge blockbuster , but i know many people who regard this as their favorite movie of all-time . it has it all : dry humor , a love story , action . andre the giant deserved oscar consideration .
positive	the first nightmare takes the cake ! the kid being drug across the ceiling was fabuloso ! also the girl in the body bag being drug through the hall of the school during the day ! this still scares the living s @ # t out of me , and i have seen a ton of horror films in my 38 yr . s this is the best to date . . . just don't go to sleep !
positive	wonderful , vivid , and heart-wrenching . it's a lot better than george stevens' " the greatest story ever told . "
positive	i wish this movie would have been hours longer . the story was compelling as was the love between them . i think that in our american history books we glorify people and gloss over reality in exchange for heroes . this movie showed what i believe was a much more accurate description of the average soldier , ignorant and narrow-minded . this movie was a masterpiece !
positive	awesome movie . i really wanted saburo to live though . maybe its better that he didnt . i really suggest it for the foriegn movie fan .
positive	i enjoyed this movie . shawshank redemption was very well developed . they put a lot of time into developing each character . it held my attention until the end and had a very unique ending . i would definitely recommend it .
positive	as a fast car nut , i had goose pimples when eleanor started up . the movie was outrageous . all i have to say is when is the sequel ? ? ? ? ?
positive	grease was a fun movie to watch . i loved the music and dancing in it .
positive	grat move to just have a laugh
positive	when harry met sally . . . is the perfect romantic comedy . meg ryan and billy crystal are terrific in their roles , and the supporting cast members ( bruno kirby and carrie fisher ) add a lot to the show . surprisingly enough , the movie isn't too sappy and sentimental . even my husband ( who's quick to use the term chick flick ) likes this one . there are lots of great scenes- like the car ride to new york , the meal in the diner where meg ryan really enjoys her food , and the new year's eve parties . i also love the scenes of new york , especially the ones in central park , because they make the city look so attractive . since everything about this movie is entertaining , i usually end up watching it once a year .
positive	in a time long ago . . . in a galaxy far away . . .
positive	a magnificent cinematic achievement . for those who find it too long or have trouble reading the subtitles , i recommend watching the u . s . remake the magnificent seven the day before . the plots are similar enough and kurosawas direction and the casts acting is so good that if you have difficulty with the subtitles you won't lose track .
negative	this whole fake documentary was all made up by michael moore . check out this website ! bowlingfortruth . com
positive	to kill a monkingbird was a great movie . it stuck pretty close to the novel it was based on . it blended characters from the book and totally left out one but otherwise it was a great movie focusing on the problems of the time .
positive	this was such a great movie ! i loved it . it was sweet and it kind of relates to how girls act when they are young and will do anything to be popular . but in this movie , it proves that bening popular isn't the best thing you can have and that you should stick with your true friends . this movie showed a message and it was great ! if you haven't seen this movie , it is a definite movie that you should go see
positive	my favourite musical , in fact one of the few i like . performed on stage its great , and the screen version captures much of the theatrical charm , although the casting is less than perfect . the opening number fugue for tinhorns is one the best moments in any movie musical .
positive	john waters is truly one of the best out there in the entertainment industry . this musical of a movie was so cute , i truly enjoyed it . ricki lake also did a great job in this movie . i highly recommend it to john waters fans and musical fans alike .
positive	this movie is the greatest comedy horror movie ever made . they combine cheesy horror with lots of slapstick comedy . there may not be much of a plot but it still keeps your attention . all together a good movie .
positive	a great action movie . lots of great one-liners , cool explosions , and a good plot . bruce willis is the man .
positive	the best film of this genre , it set the bar high for many films to follow of life in the inner-city . great acting by cuba gooding , but even better by laurence fishborne and ice-cube . very moving .
positive	i watched the sound of music innumerable times when i was younger . the songs are classic and scenes from the movie puts the viewers in a trance . this music movie is definitely a family movie .
negative	blah .
positive	i have recently seen pearl harbour and i enjoyed the whole movie . the attack on pearl harbour was thought out very well by the japanese . a day never to be forgotten .
positive	russell crowe can flat-out act . jennifer connelly gives an exceptionally fine performance as well .
positive	i think , although i am slightly biased to comment on this film because i am jewish , you can not argu the fact that it is a powerful film , and filled with bold statements such as the girl in the red coat that appears at certain moments , but the film its self , which ( forgetting what it stands for alone ) is so well crafted , directed and acted , the fact that it is based on the holocaust is irrelevant , because it is so amazingly powerful , gripping , and truly amazing . a film i will always watch !
positive	probably in my top 3 horror flicks of all time . this movie will scare the bejesus out of people who watch it for the first time . timeless horror scenes , suspense , and mystery . john carpenter is the man when it comes to horror . i highly recommend this to anybody's collection .
positive	madness can be brutal . especially in the hands of god or kubrick as most call him . this is his only true horror film . not in the since of halloween or friday the 13th . but as a film dealing with the frailty of the mind and age old precsence of evil . jack is on scary sob . i think this a timeless epic horror film . it will be cherished as a classic for years to come . thank you kubrick !
positive	gotta see it . it is old but very cool .
positive	one of my favourite films as a child - it's still surprisingly original ! i liked the different personality to each animal the difficulties they had to face : especially the river ! funny warm ! : - )
positive	omg how can u call it a children's bore ? ! it waz an awesome movie and the actorz and actressez rocked ! of course , the best waz khleo thomas ! ! : - ) and i mean even though khleo ( khaleed leon ) thomas improved the movie a lot ( he'z so hott and such a great actor ! ) , it would have been great even without him ! the plot is really exciting and it'z amazing how it all tiez together . it had an advantage because the author of the original book ( which waz great , too ) wrote the screenplay . all in all , the acting waz awesome and the movie waz well written !
positive	classic , a first in the genre , and one of the best .
negative	this movie is horrible . i am not sure what the other people on this page were smoking when they saw it , but they must have been out of their mind . the writing was horrible , the plot was predictable and uninteresting . for most of the movie i was hoping that the machines would win and kill all of these whining pathetic characters . this movie was a greater dissapointment than star wars episode i . everything that was good about the first two movies was absent from this one .
positive	great movie . james stewart is a photographer who is apartment bound when he has a broken leg . he passes time by watching his neighbors in other apartments . he gets suspicious of one neighbor when he is convinced he has killed his wife . he gets his girlfriend involved . and suspense follows . in trying to get others to believe what he saw . good suspense movie directed by alfred hitchcock .
positive	great movie and not boring . bob sagets performance is a + ! bloopers were great at the end of the movie .
positive	great performances ! great music ! great story ! briliant movie !
negative	10 year olds could have come up with a better plot , and i got really sick of all the cgi shots of the exteriors of the buildings in the main city .
negative	after the first hour and 1 / 2 , i was rooting for the iceberg .
positive	one of the best movies i have ever seen . great acting , great show
positive	a little better than braveheart . and since gladiator was fiction at least you didn't know what the ending was .
positive	this is an awesome movie . nothing happens ? actually a lot happens . this is a realistic movie , not charlie's angels . plot : a struggling alcholic writer and his soon to be married friend go an a bachelor party trip through the california wine country . this movie explores two middle age failures . it is very funny .
positive	an incredible science-fiction adventure . this movie has everything : good defeating evil , humorous dialogue , great characters , good special effects and more . a classic .
positive	cornelius ryan's book on film does a good job about d day . i always enjoyed watching to see which of the many stars would appear next . just about everbody who was anybody in film at the time was in this flick .
positive	i own the boxset , the definitive one with 8 disks . i have loved the films as a child , and i do to this day , the original is the stand-out , but three and new nightmare come in close second , and the rest have a place in my heart as well . i also love robert englund ( freddy ) .
positive	one of the best action movies ever made .
positive	a true commentary on the duality of the sexes . just brilliant !
positive	there are many great films out there , but i can only be sure of three that are the greatest of all-time . citizen kane is one of them . there is no way that you can over-estimate the influence this film has had on movies . from its revolutionary narrative structure to its immensely innovative camera tricks , kane offered a glimpse into the real world at a time when films were still creating alternate ones . orson welles was truly a visionary . he , along with such greats as alfred hitchcock , john ford and d . w . griffith perfected the motion picture , made it an art form and fashioned it into what it has evolved into today . citizen kane is the greatest film ever made .
negative	a pathetic attempt to exploit religion and make a movie . poo .
positive	this movie is a masterpiece , plain and simple . very beautiful scenery and effects , and a well thought-out and well acted storyline . i also like how the movie doesn't have an actual chapter ending just like the book . the main ending will come at the end of the third one . it's kind of different from star wars where they would have an actual chapter ending at the end of each movie . it is also very detailed when it comes to every character ( appearance and background ) , history , the world of role playing ( or realm of rp . however you put it ) , and of course the book itself . . if you haven't seen it , go see it ! ! ! !
positive	the director decided to make fun of all the movies from scream and i know what you did last summer . the movie is so funny because they switch the whole theme about it . they even made fun of the sixth sense and thought he was smoking something that made him see dead people .
positive	david lynch is great ! !
positive	was pleasnatly surprised how the movie turned out ! ! was very entertained and thought it was david spades best so far
negative	legend of uncle tom , more like .
positive	excellent movie with a unique plot and great actors . kevin spacey is seen to be slightly mental in the beginnning and not likable , as well . yet , as the movie continues , he is a great character whom you feel for .
positive	a very powerful movie . not for the young . it doesn't pull any punches when it comes to the way skinheads and the neo-nazi's in the country spread their hate . this film is about a skinhead who goes to prison for killing a black guy . while in prison his younger brother gets involved with the skinheads . when he gets out of prison the older brother ( ed norton ) trys to get him away from that . he's been rehabilitated . i've watched it 3 times and the ending still gets to me . a must see for anyone over 14 . i'd advise young people to see it with an adult , preferably their parent if they can . it's a pretty strong movie . ed norton has to be one of the best actors of our time .
positive	adrian !
positive	all hail the real godzilla ! ! ! ! !
positive	i searched for this movie high and low - finally got it ( on video ) . my daughters enjoy jackie's movies very much . this one is my favorite . i laughed throughout the whole movie . jackie and owen should go for another great movie like this one . i especially like the no sexual scenes , no ( excessive ) abusive speech . thanks
positive	great movie ! it should have been called dogs cats . dogs are so much better , imho . sean hayes was great as mr tinkles .
positive	yet again , another film by tarintino seeping with style and finesse . his editing and storylines are absolutely seamless - he effortlessly moves the plot from the past to the present , from one characters perspective to another to the point where its a work of art . and samuel jackson just radiates cool .
positive	stiller is one of the funniest people around , and deniro is a great comic actor . the whole story is great , and i cant wait for the sequel .
negative	please , hand me the air-sickness bag . a stupid turd of nostalgia featuring two of the absolutely worst leads ever to disgrace the screen . olivia newton-john sure looks good in this one , but as usual , sings like she's got a clothespin on her nose . john ravolta puts in another oily and unconvincing gooch performance , singing like a frog in rut , and twitching around in that disconcerting manner of his . the songs are juvenile claptrap . the dancing is predictable and hardly memorable . the script is moronic . otherwise , this is a great flick ! ! !
positive	one of the best horror films i have ever seen . suspence is scary not blood a must see for all movie fans ecpecailly horror fans .
positive	a war movie . twelve excons form a group called the dirty dozen to execute a suicide mission in the heart of nazi germany during world war ii . humorous and witty dialogue . the excons become human beings again . one of the greatest war movies of all time with great acting , plot and dialogue .
positive	this movie was awesome . the story was so interesting because of the historical aspects and the acting was really good . . . plus it had a lot of humor . it was clever and intense , and i'd watch it again in a heartbeat .
positive	this movie was wonderful . it was full of suspense . the story was flowing and it never dragged on . usually during most of the scary movies i've seen , they weren't as scary as i thought they would be . this movie actually fulfilled my expectations of a scary movie . it's my favorite movie as of now .
negative	would someone tell me why a reality movie was made ? for , i have no clue .
negative	other than the original , none of the others justify more than a 1 .
positive	wow is this a depressing movie . sometimes you want get bummed out , and this is just the movie to do it . i remember hearing that this was x rated when it won best picture in 1969 or so . its tough to imagine why it got that rating . i can only imagine how disappointing some rowdy young adults were when they went to see an adult movie and got this heart wrenching arty drama instead . kinda like when bart simpson's pals were headed off to see an r rated movie , chanting bar-ton-fink ! bar-ton-fink ! , not knowing what was in store for them . . . .
positive	a great film . it explores ideas of sexuality and celeberity in a fun and light-hearted way . john malkovich's capacity for weirdness is used to great puppeteering effect . john cusak is always great , here as a loser tortured by unequated love . cameron diaz is almost unrecognizable , but the sweetness of her character shines through . the ending is brilliant .
positive	terrific movie ! you actually can feel what james caviezal is going through and by the end of the movie you will want the revenge just as bad as he does . i like this movie so much because the revenge is clever and carefully planned , unlike every other movie where a guy just gets a gun and starts killing everyone , but this is very clever and the actors do a terrific job on opposite ends of each other .
positive	although not the computer-generated perfection that was toy story 2 , finding nemo is just plain great . the character of dory gets a laugh from every line of her dialogue . and , then , there is the hilarious scenes in the dentist office and the seagulls . i have to ask though : if this is a pixar film , where are the outtakes ?
positive	a very hilarious movie . ben stiller to do other types of movies though .
negative	i'd rather watch 90 minutes of previews .
positive	an absolutely beautiful movie . the directing impresses me to an undying end .
positive	a beautiful film , crafted by a master - kieslowski . a polish director working in france , tells a story through the eyes of juliette binoche's character , a woman who has lost her husband and child in a terrible car accident . it deals with her grief and how she rebuilds her life . the music is outstanding .
negative	this one doesn't have a thing to do with michael myers , and it sucks . but it doesn't suck because he's not in it , it sucks because it sucks ! i mean , it's really bad . it's not scary , it's just plain bad . the people who made this film must have had some serious issues with children . it didn't scare me at all , just left me with a bad feeling .
positive	this is the best movie in the world . why is it ranked with she's all that and notting hill not only are the characters down to realistic , but they're hilarious ! brodie bruce is my hero . his sarcastic wit is so perfect . i laugh harder everytime i see it . jay and silent bob are the real american badasses ! their scemes are just so well worked out . the girls did well , and not's forget t . s . . i recommend this movie and a big donut . kudos to the cast . mr . jason lee , you rock ! words cannot express the love i have of this movie . i watch it every day !
negative	worst movie i have seen in years . a bunch of legendary actors gather together into whqat would be a great movie if it were about something completely different . donald sutherland is one of the greatest to grace the planet but not even he could save this terrible movie .
positive	my favorite movie as a child . i loved the songs .
positive	independence day is the end-all of sci-fi movies . the representation of the aliens disputes on the old big-eyed , grey-skinned theory . the plot is somewhat predictable but twists occur when they are least expected . all in all , independence day is a must-see for the true sci-fi fan .
negative	this movie is a shocker , and totally one hundered pecent not scary . i am 9 year old boy and this is poo . if anything , hilarious especially the girl going down the stairs . the omen is far better !
negative	i see piano gets several oscars . i guess if you make a film about the holocaust you are guaranteed an oscar . gee , what a surprise .
positive	adam sandler is hilarious !
negative	this movie was disturbing . the effects were pretty good but that didn't make up for the terrible plot .
positive	entirely entertaining . callmetootie is my nemesis .
positive	this should be in a romantic drama category , but it should also be in the top 20 . an excellent story with great actors .
positive	goodfella's is one of my favorite movies . it is well writeen and well acted by robert diniro and joe pesci . it is a classic gangster movie that everyone should see .
positive	best movie i have seen since titanic . should be required for all young people to get a brief understanding of the sacrifices made by the people who founded this country . i applaud mel gibson for making a film with such strong conservative values .
positive	great movie . very good story . shows very harsh reality in the ghettos of rio .
positive	hey , im only 15 and i think seven samurai is the best film ever . i wish more people my age would watch it . i would hate for this film to be dubbed , it would take all its charm away . everyone should stop whining about how long it is and how much reading there is . first of all , to fit all that great story into a movie , it has to be long . second , if you dont like reading all that , to bad , you probly need to read more anyways . i give this movie an a + , go ahead and find a better foriegn movie , i dare you . . .
positive	the storyline was great and i feel it pleased both the male and female crowds . i really liked it .
positive	fight club is the best movie ever created .
negative	why oh why did they make this movie ?
positive	'the' best musical ever made
positive	casablanca was one of the classics never to be forgotten . its quotes and scenes will live forever . keep playin' it again sam . . .
negative	this is stupid how could you compare this to halloween this was not even a slasher it is almost is nothing like halloween and john carpenter even said he never heard of black christmas until years after halloween this movie is verry unsuccfull and verry unpopular how can you compare this with halloween it is like comparing fast food with gorme food watch halloween
negative	i would like to share my opinion . . . . i bought the first bw video before renting an saw it because my brother age 19 at the time said it was good it scared him to death well to be honest i hated it , i was so furious about how bad it sucked , in all my life ive never seen a movie more worse then that . . . . . so im extremely reluctant to even seeing the second one yet just earlier last year i did a little research an im not sure yet til i have proof to back this up but it could very well be that the first bw wasnt a movie , it was a real film documentary , suppose to be realistic , real life not fake . . . . . once i have actual proof of this ill share it with you all . . . . . after seeing the first one i did get online an write to anyone i could regarding this movie an expressed my complete regretfulness for even buying the movie , expressed how horrible i felt it was . . . .
positive	my all time favorite movie . hilarious from start to finish with a great ending by neil taking in dell for thanksgiving . a definite pick me up type movie .
negative	stupid movie . not worthy of the disney family .
positive	it surpassed my expectations . the cgi was well done as were the fight scenes . the comic book movie genre has been ressurected with the sucess of x-men . so that explains the sudden boom of comic book movies . ben affleck gave a surprising performance in this movie and i don't think it's fair to judge a whole movie based solely on one's grudge against ben affleck .
negative	this movie was actually more retarded than i had expected . the scene with the coconuts and hurleys tits was like huh , are you fugging serious ! south park is 1000 times more stupid and crude and funny than this piece of dumbsh * t . in fact , mike myers is only funny in snl . hyperhypo , man . now thats funny , harharharhar . . . . . youpatheticfools .
positive	original , gripping , moving , fun ! tom hanks was incredible .
positive	this one scared me . i enjoyed it very much . worth seening more than ounce if you enjoy a truly scary movie .
positive	so who was this bob fosse ? he was selfish , cynical and remarkably sensitive -- another artist who could get away with being hateful because of his ability to see and create beauty , because of his awareness . but then american critics too get away with a hell of a lot these days . they dump their opinions on the page and forget to clean them up . i havent read one critique yet that pointed out that the film is postmodern ! all that jazz is post-modern and post-modern was the perfect medium for fosse : its skeptical , unreligious , unaccountable and playful . bob fosses outer life , apparently , was the same way , and his inner life , more complicated than that and deeper , is given to us in pieces . he lets you experience his life without actually spelling it out for you ( he spells out a great deal in hard words about himself but many things are only hinted at ) . this , again , is what critics seem to miss that the so-called flaws in the film might be necessary because they add to its complexity and contradictory nature and because theres more to bob fosse than womanizer , addict , workaholic . its supposed to be tongue-in-cheek ! its supposed to be tedious in parts and riveting / haunting in others ! thats the way the life hes describing is . theres no way fosse would have intended the film to be perfect in a hollywood way . he wanted it to be perfect in an artistic way subtle , uneven , light , funny , a little silly , and deeply disturbing . that is the formula for a perfect art film , the perfect art film being what most accurately reflects real life . according to several american critics , the film is self-indulgent , annoying in parts , and too long . to them a film is a product , something for their gratification . they look up at the screen without looking up at the film unless , of course , it does something for them -- thrills , delights , makes them cry at just the right moments . they are used to so many commercials and commercials are usually thrilling and sentimental . the majority of online reviews seem to think theres something gracious and magnanimous about granting that all that jazz is unique and moving in some way and leave it at that : great choreography , intriguing performances , impressive attempt . this is due not to a lack of intelligence of the reviewers but , apparently , their lack of interest in the deeper subject matter .
positive	as far as entertainment goes , both scream movies are pretty much neck and neck . but the best film of the two is definately this one ! this is the perfect example of what a modern-day horror movie is all about . along with silence of the lambs scream , this is probably one of the best horror movies of the 90s , if you ask me .
positive	extremly funny sequel .
positive	one of my all time favorites . people keep asking who would have made a better willy wonka than johnny depp in the new version . may i suggest crispin glover ? think about it . he has that sort of creepy look that wilder has . hell , he's creepy period . would have been great !
negative	i would probably like this movie if i didn't have a penis .
positive	this movie is very funny theres not much i can say about it except that its funny as hell i think that was the best movie of 2004
positive	i gave jerry maguire a 5 because it's such a great movie . tom cruise does so well in it . he is such a great actor . also the plot of the movie is good because it is based on true life events . it also has a really good storyline .
positive	i luv this movie . it is really awesome just like bring it on !
positive	private detective philip marlowe is hired to investigate an extortion mystery affecting a wealthy elderly general and his two daughters . brilliant essential 40's film noir ; an unmissable chance to wallow in the bogie-bacall magic , the electric ( raymond chandler and william faulkner ! ) dialogue , fizzing sexual chemistry , labyrinthine plot , atmospheric photography and marvellous howard hawks direction .
positive	this was an interesting and excellent film . it kept my attention throughout the film , and the ending was fantastic and unexpected . this was a great movie , though not 100 % horror . i recommend this movie to everybody .
positive	i thought this movie was a great representation of how difficult it is to make it big from nothing , and how culture clashes with getting out and being a pop star . the movie is very entertaining and the music , of course , is wonderful .
positive	scary and good
positive	i loved it
positive	george lucas sent the series out in style . all the pieces of the puzzle come together . no stones left unturned . while the first two were a little lackluster , lucas hit one out of the park with episode 3 . lots of action , a little romance , a touch of horror and some shocking moments as well . 5 huge stars and two big thumbs way up !
positive	great music . good fun . clean enjoyable entertainment
negative	wow really dissapointed : (
positive	tremendous flick . just love it .
positive	i give this film five stars mainly for the acting ( especially on the part of the wonderfully talented young leo dicaprio ) and the art direction . the two young leads are so alive and their passion for one another seems so real . watch out for the two young lead actors because they are the ones that truly make this film what it is .
positive	this should definatly be higher on the list . this is an awsome m . night shaymalan movie . i've watched this movie many times and i still enjoy every minute of it . shaymalan proves you can have an exciting movie without overusing cgi in a film . this movie is awsome to watch .
positive	i wouldn't have called it a comedy , but i loved it . . .
positive	this was a great movie which just left me in suspense . it was a well thought out story and it couldn't have had a better ending .
positive	hysterical and cute !
negative	way too far fetched . the judge had a roller coaster in his back yard , enough said .
negative	the title refers to the intelligence of the people who give it 5 stars .
negative	i gave this movie a rating of 1 because it was not interesting or appealing to my best interest . throughout the movie i constantly was falling asleep .
positive	yet another man who got what he deserved . i sound like a man hater . more torture would have been good though .
positive	great movie ! ! ! even better book ! ! what was scarlett thinking when she realized it was rhett she wanted and not ashley ?
positive	one of al pachino's best roles . absolutely wonderful ! !
negative	this movie failed on all levels with me . first of all , if you've seen the ring , nothing in this movie will surprise you . samara isn't nearly as scary in this one as in the first one . it was far to easy to tell when it was aiden , or samara in the possession scenes , and i didn't think rachel's acting was particularly good at any point in the movie . the special effects in this film are pretty much what you got in the first one , no surprises there . there are two good effects moments , though . the deer attacking the car ( why didn't rachel just listen to aiden and keep driving ? ) and the bathtub scene ( why didn't rachel listen to aiden when he said he didn't want to take a bath ? ) . those two scenes were the highlight of an otherwise dull and unremarkable film . skip it .
positive	jamie lee's debut and as a great scream queen . this slasher was really scary . it idea of an unstoppable boogey-man is truly frightening . this is one of john carpenter's good ones .
positive	arnold kicking alien butt !
positive	wonderful movie , despite the gore . b g ( blood guts ) seem to be an integral part of films now , and i think it heightens the realism . crowe , phoenix , reed , nielsen and harris did a fabulous job in this . i recommend it to anyone who has the stomach for innate realism . way better than patriot . ( sorry melfans . . . )
positive	i watched this movie again a year or so ago and it was still great . by now , everyone has probably seen it , but if you haven't seen it in a while , do yourself a favor and rent it . you won't be disappointed .
positive	very real . after the movie ends , you're left with a those five bucks were well spent feeling , and you know that this could happen in real life . i didn't like the ending at first , but then understood why they did it . i'll give it a five even though i think it deserves a 4 . 8 ( considering the fact that it wasn't the best , though it was really good ) .
positive	a great movie from the late nineties about smoking pot . . . chapelle is the man for here and today !
negative	embarrasingly bad .
positive	tom hank's best performance . i don't know if he was retarded or not . i hope they have a sequel .
negative	this movie was , like , totally boring . who wants to watch a talentless crone smoking cigarettes and prostituting herself ?
positive	another bill murray classic ! humor is a mix of slapstick and dialogue . the plot is a good one , and it is obvious why two more sequels were made plus the well-executed comic spinoffs . the remaineder of the cast is well-rounded and the laughs keep coming . highly recommended !
positive	that movie was hilarious . you gotta love the little kid .
negative	i'm loving this bulshit . its troops like the ones in iraq and overseas that make it possible for a fat lard like moore to make a flick like this . just disgrace . it is unbelieveable how people can go along with liberal propaganda and believe that bush is in iraq for his personal reasons . get a clue and realize that we did not elect a president who is so foolish . as fheit as a movie , poor insight with one sided views . whomever made this movie needs to kill yourself . we love you michael moore . keep putting out bad movies because the republican party loves to bash your liberal propaganda . just remember who controls the senate . bill frist .
positive	the first war film i've ever seen . it was exciting . this was this first movie at which my eyes actually started watering .
positive	i try to carefully say this about this film because i realize it is not easy to characterize any of the classics in this manner : quite possibly the best american film ever written and produced .
positive	oh . . . . . this one was way funnier than the first one .
negative	dumb , dumb and dummer . don't seem to see the director making anything these days so maybe there is some justice in the world . a rip-off , super 35mm is just another version of the cheap superscope that came out in the 1950's . only good fim shoot in that process was vera cruz .
positive	this is the best ( and really for me , the only ) that belushi has ever done very well . everything about this movie made sense and connected well . they also didn't add a deep love story , which for this movie was good .
positive	the snozberries taste like snozberries .
negative	a horrible movie about a man with a pefect life who hates it so much he pretends to be others and murders people in gruesome fashion . redeeming factor- threesome with two girls .
positive	for those who love to relive the fantasies and experience the heroic deeds , this is a must .
positive	what a masterpiece . first , there is a tremendous cast . . . marlon brando , al pacino , james caan , robert duvall . each of the actors puts in a performance of a lifetime . second , the storyline is so compelling and well written . right in front of your eyes , michael corleone changes from the innocent , young soldier into the head of the family . third , the movie made the mafia a part of popular culture and paved the way for future movies and tv shows in the genre . if you haven't seen this movie , you are only hurting yourself . it is wonderful .
positive	yellow submarine by the beatles is the best . they are the best smoking out music . my dad got me into the beatles .
positive	wow . dustin hoffman did an excelent job . this is another actor who can be whatever he wants to be . wasn't it he who dressed up as a woman for one of his movies ? that's what i admire most about the guy . he can switch from one character to another so easily . i think this movie really showed his talent to the public . wonderful , wonderful . p . s . -edward norton can do an excelent immitation of dustin hoffman in the rain man . . .
positive	what can i say ? aardman says it all . absolutely the best of the domestic productions
positive	do you find something humouwous abowt my fwiend , bigus dickus ?
positive	the greatness of the film , for me , is demonstrated by the fact that i'm not religious , i find the premise absurd ( john landis made the comment , and i paraphrase , 12-year old girl gets possessed by the devil and goes to pedophile priests for assistance ? ) , and yet i still love it . stars the great ellen burstyn and max von sydow and even non-actor ( playwright ) jason miller is effective . greatest of all , of course , is the make-up by dick smith . despite all the advances in make-up and special effects that have been made in the years since 1973 , this creation has never been matched in terms of sheer , chilling creepiness . this is the kind of no-holds barred movie they just don't make anymore , unfortunately . can you imagine anyone putting a scene like the one with linda blair and the crucifix in a film today ? put this one up against the pitiful pseudo-exorcist movie that came out last year , and you'll see how markedly the state of moviemaking has deteriorated over the past 20-30 years .
positive	more than just a horror flick - more than a great horror film - speaks volumes about society . absolute classic . every time she screams in panic when looking at him i'm on the monster's side -whenever villagers run in fear - i'm on his side ! it's entirely unrational , but i can't help it - rejection hurts !
negative	lopez has no talent .
positive	a slightly above average war movie . m * a * s * h is based on the true life experience of the author . he was a real doctor in a m * a * s * h unit in korea . the book reads like a newpaper account of the antics of the unit . fortunatly , the screenplay is much , much better than the novel . elliot gould , donald sutherland and tom skerrit all are terrific as the draftee doctors . only gary burgoff as radr made the transition from movie to tv series . the movie was based in korea , but robert altman wanted to make a point about the war in vietnam , and have the audience thnk about vietnam , so korea is mentioned only sparingly throughout the movie . it doesn't matter which war the movie is set in , it is a biting indicment against war , and tha maddness which causes it .
negative	don't watch this movie , waste of money . don't rent this movie , waste of money . all the good scenes are already in the previews .
negative	more of a propoganda film that anything else . i'm a liberal , but i hate when my fellow liberals churn out false propoganda to brainwash the masses . same for republicans and other politicians . michael moore may be a smart man , but he doesn't depict himself properly when all he does is piss and moan about one problem instead of adressing every aspect of it . for one thing , michael moore only adresses 4 countries in the world about gun violence . look at some places in the middle east . gun violence is worse there than america . we ought to go there and try and help those poor kids there . michael moore also spins some things out of control . some of the links he makes between gun violence and what causes it . . . . . . . jeez . in my opinion , what causes gun violence is poverty and overcrowding which also causes mental instability among many .
negative	this movie sucked ass .
positive	this was a great movie about love . basketball was just something that the characters did to pass time . i really enjoyed it and , in fact , went to the movies to see it several times .
positive	most original thing , i've seen in awhile .
positive	this was a great movie about life in the ghetto and the realness of a black man in the hood . but what made this movie stand out is how trey's father was hard on him and he was the only one to make it out of the hood .
positive	two words . . . very funny !
positive	beautiful mind is a beautiful movie . the story of john nash , in itself , is fascinating . but russell crowe's protrayal is a stellar piece of acting . crowe would have gotten his second straight oscar for that role , had it not been for an episode of behaving badly to a film exec just before the oscars . jennifer connelly is goddess-like in this film . her oscar is well deserved . scott glenn , as always , excels . the movie depicts the horrors of going through life as a paranoid schizophrenic . nash's eventual triumph is overwhelmingly emotional . my favorite parts of the movie is when nash is cogent and lucid . he was a genius of the highest magnitude . the way the movie demonstrated his nobel prize winning theory of economic equilibrium ( using the example of picking up women at bars ) was one of the neatest things i've seen in the movies .
positive	this is my fav movie . bill murray's best role i belive . his transision from being a stressed out reporter to a man at his full potential , and in the end he gets his girl , i watch this movie like an addiction and of course i watch it on groundhogs day . don't drive angery -bill murray
negative	what is funny about this movie ? ok , first screwball comedy ever but it's not funny ! how could anyone possibly laugh ? ? ? ? ? most overrated movie of the 30s , one of the most . . . ever . very good movie though .
positive	this is an awesome movie ! in fact i watched it today and laughed my head off . what a wonderful team matthau and lemmon make . i will miss their work trememdously .
positive	while this movie falls into the category of scifi , it uses other elements to tell it's story . each character is developed through dialogue and action . there is not a feeling of anything unnecessary occuring , everything has a place and a reason .
negative	i'm still on planet earth right ? ! ? ! ? hello ! ! people work with me here . where to begin , where to begin . how 'bout i walked out of this film in the first half hour and demanded my money back ! i couldn't believe what a parody this was of the first one . i didn't think the first one was fantastic but at least it stayed in line with the type of visuals , acting , and suspense of the show . this thing was just a non-stop oh my god is this cheesey scene after another . when he's rock climbing and jumps 20 feet and down to his right and slides down the rock face until he suddenly grips a protrubing pebble ? ! ! ? then he decides to turn himself around and hang for a couple of minutes while he stares off into space with a goddamn i'm cool look on his face . or the bathtub scene , or the dance floor , or the two cars doing 360 after 360 stuck together . give me a break !
positive	as classic a film as ever there was . for a musical it tackled some pretty unusual stuff , from witchcraft , to invading nazis . the whole cast is good and the fun of it all is the convaluted storyline that leads the heroes to a climactic show down with the stormtroopers of nazi germany by way of reanimated suits of armor . some great stuff . best scene : the animated soccer match
negative	very bad .
positive	too cute , too perfect and i still love it . this remake is just as good as the original . steve martin is hilarious and i just love kimberly williams . simple fluffy fun .
positive	definatelly one of frank darabont's greatest work . his adaptation of stephen king's original novel was just fabulous . this movie really speaks to the soul , and people can learn alot from this masterpiece .
positive	this and shrek are the best children's movies since aladdin . they make the whole family laugh .
positive	well , let's just say i was surprised . hanks and zemekis and a great film .
positive	i love when frodo disappeared up the ring !
positive	i love this one and the seconed one to great plot a black batman .
positive	one of my favourite films ever ! everything about it is brilliant , from the acting , directing , casting , to the plot , humour and look / feel of the film . christian bale is perfect as pat bateman and he is genuinely intense and powerful ( physically and mentally ) througout . the fact that i love all things new york and 80s was pretty convenient in this film ! the soundtrack is great , with huey lewis and phil collins fitting in well , contrasting against the violence being portrayed . for example huey being played while bateman axe-murders a colleague . the idea that everyone on wall street at that time is anonymous is clever , such as bateman being mistaken for other people by his own colleagues , and the displacement of identity is a foremost theme here due to commercialism and vanity . easton ellis' book is brilliantly written and extremely graphic ( in both good , e . g . knowledge of the hit records released in the 80s , and bad ways , e . g . killing of the prostitute ) , although the film's locations , settings and direction are needed to complete the look to the story . fantastic !
positive	a simple guy with simple goals but who conquered the world . . . who couldn't like a movie like that whether it's sports or something else ?
positive	it's not easy to think of a better war movie . not only are the attempts to finish the sub off very realistic , but the movie did a terrific job establishing the sub captain as soldiers divorced from their fellow german war criminals .
positive	the best of the rambo series , and the most believable . this is stallones best movie since rocky .
positive	absolutely amazing movie . . the special effects were out of this world . . keanu reeves acted brilliantly and was supported really well by lawrence . the story was spectacular and though it was slightly slow in the starting it was covered up by the end which was really good fun . . it paved a new way for sci-fi movies and special effects
negative	hated it .
negative	hated it .
positive	it's a masterpiece . gibson did a great job . very biblical .
positive	finally , after waiting much longer than i'd intended , i saw fellowship of the ring and was thoroughly impressed . i first read the trilogy many years ago and have read it numerous times since . i doubted that any movie could come even close to the magic and power of the books ; however , peter jackson has succeeded in being very true to tolkien's creation . most of the changes were simply omissions , and surely no one could have expected every part of the book could be included in a 3-hour movie . although not all of the cast lives up to my own vision of the characters , i thought they were excellent and created their own very genuine versions of the characters they played . i agree with several of the points made by jays but definitely disagree with the conclusion he makes in update . i have read and appreciated the trilogy for a very long time but was not annoyed by the movie at all -- in fact , i enjoyed it thoroughly and can hardly wait for the release of the two towers .
negative	the first time i watched it i almost fell asleep .
positive	at first , i too was in the boat of saying hey , this isn't a comedy but what else is it ? it's too funny to be a drama , not scary enough to be a suspense . . . it's the closest fit . categories aside , i loved it . my all-time favorite . what a way for tommy to bust on the scene .
positive	very sad .
positive	kate winslet is profeesional and talented , and movie with her in it is a winner .
positive	very well done . i grew up watching and reading x-men . so i was very satisfied with how this was done . the cast was perfect with one or two exceptions . i was pleased that they decided to keep magneto's origin . since that is his main reason for despising mankind . but like all comic book movies it wasn't exactly like the comic . but considering that fictional characters have been turned into flesh abd blood actors it is easy to forgive these faults . i expect the same satisfaction from the sequel .
positive	i loved this movie ! the mummy and the sequel of it were tottally thrilling . plus , i've always had a big interest in egypt and coffins .
positive	i think this was the best out of the batman films produced . tim burton injected the correct atmosphere and the characters were fantastic . the second followed its example and was outstanding . i think the others make a mockery of the concept of batman , therefore batman and the second one will always be the best original ones .
positive	the scariest movie of all time . everything about it was scary ! ! the posessed girl's face still haunts me . the make-up job was superb .
positive	this is just a great movie , if you look beyond humor .
positive	this movie is excellent . the graphics are improved over the original ( except for the humans , they are still too reflective ) . the story line is interesting for kids and adults , taking lines from many of our favorite classics . while i thought the adult humour was a little much for a child-oriented movie , the barbie dance scene and buzz lightyear's reaction to jesse had me rolling in the aisle with laughter . i highly recommend the film .
positive	i am probally going to get slammed for this , but i like this and the phantom menace alot .
negative	samuel l jackson : an excellent top-notch performer who wows audiences everywhere . too bad he went so low by performing in this flick just used to get teens to come and see the wasted vin diesel . good action scenes come few and far between . . . usually . there are none in this flick .
positive	james stewert in his best role ever as a small town do-gooder become politician . he slowly relizes what type of a place washington dc is and the flaws in our government in this still powerful / important film .
positive	the original blair witch was a cultural phenomina . even if you never saw it you heard about it . i think alot of people chose to dislike the original because everyone else loved it so in turn found it hip to hate it . so , i think many people contiously chose to dislike book of shadows before ever giveing this great film a chance . it was a very brave move for joe berlinger ( director of paradise lost , paradise lost 2 revelations and brother's keeper ) to take the reins and direct a film many people had already chosen to kill with criticism . it was cool of joe to take a different approach to making this film . the veteran documintarian decided to take the documentary styled blair witch project sequel and shoot completly different . i think this was also the smart move . if it had beed done using the same formula and technique it wouldn't have been as fresh or inventive as the original . not only that but so many blair witch project spoofs have come out i'm sure he didn't want any confusion . i also think it was clever to take the characters out of the woods and put them in a loft . the acting as well as the directing in my opinion is flawless . you could not ask for a more complex and thought provoking story . the directing , the acting and the score really bring this film to life . this movie also differs from just about any sequel i have ever seen in that no characters from the original ever show up ( except for the un named evil that could just be a collective dellusion . ) , the movie directly comments on the success of the original film and it questions the existince of the main star of the series . . . the blair witch . the story asks the question are the five teens the latest victims of the evil that exists in the black hills or is it possible the blair witch does not exist at all ? were the five youngins who are all obssesed with the blair witch in their own way driven into a killing spree caused by the mass hysteria created by the media frenzy surrounding the blair witch project ? evil is human not supernatural . that it comes from within . these five kids don't remember what they did . is it history or hysteria ? a very cool film that makes you think and never ever lets me sit through a viewing without getting goosebumps and cold chills . if you haven't seen this film yet do so but with an open mind . if you saw this film and hated it , try sitting through it again using that same open mind techniqe i just mentioned . this film is very smart . smart and creative in all the ways many horror films these days are not . purely in the fact that there is no straight here let me spell it out for you answers in this movie . you might come out confused but it will also leave you thinking . . . and stunned . a genuinly good mystery horror movie . jeff donovan is the man !
positive	one of my all time favorites movies .
positive	this film porves that the academy awards don't mean a thing for night of the hunter wasn't even nominated for a single oscar .
positive	my best friend and i love this movie ! ! ! we've seen this movie a lot and every time we laugh at it really enjoy it ! but i have to admit , i like the sequal better ( ace ventura when nature calls )
positive	i don't much care for paltrow , but even she was good in this . a truly beautiful motion picture . well-written !
positive	an instant classic !
positive	an instant classic !
positive	an instant classic !
positive	an instant classic !
positive	an instant classic !
positive	an instant classic !
negative	my last review of this film was so offensive that they couldn't post it . this sick testament to racist american values left me feeling so sick and cynical as to nearly provoke violence in my otherwise pacifist spirit . this is the worst film that i have ever seen , after phantasm 2 and countless other sequels , horror schlockfests , and exploitation films . this film insulted my soul . its paen to romance is a farce in itself , with such flat dialogue that i cannot even remember it to quote it . . . the female lead , miss beckinsale , has managed to feign likability eben in the face of her despicably empty foray into quick sex in public , something that i know is viciously empty in itself . but the act is romanticized ! the cinematography and unnecessarily sexy setting alone are ridiculous . when mr . hartnett inevitably lays down his racist , war-mongering life for the good old usa , i was moved to laughter . the constant stream of racial slurs delivered by our heroic boys are evocative of the wonderfully propagandist flicks of the war era itself , and their stupid patriotism is so empty as to insult anyone who has ever laid down their life for any country . this is the perfect antithesis to arlington national cemetary , to saving private ryan , to the young , innocent dead ! i have never felt guiltier for my nationality , not when standing at the smithsonian looking at the tribute to the japanese oppressed by our people in internment camps during ww2 , whose plight was caused by those empty fools who share the morale professed by this sick , sad film , not when reading of the conditions of the slaves whose oppression was enforced by our former presidents . the film left me so ill as to wish the death of the touching conclusion's little boy in vietnam , being brought up in the vein of his dear daddies , doubtless to become one of the crouching , slurring monuments to blind racism , running through the grass with an automatic weapon and a desire for the blood of an unseen foe , and certainly not enjoying the kill 'em all glory that his fathers managed . . . when he is blown apart by an unseen mine , i wonder what mr . affleck's character would do . . . erect a monument to his heroism . sick . this film is a sick , war-loving void , whose romance will doubtless result in the philandering of countless impressionable young girls , and whose racist violence is eerily reminiscent of the modern national sentiment toward the afghanis . . . it's okay to hate , kids ! it's okay to kill . . . okay . . . this is the most insulting , most vapid , most vile film in my realm of experience . blasphemy , cruelty , madness and publicity . a bloated , painted devil-whore .
positive	this was such a sad story . at first it's all fun and games , where the main charcter expects to sell drugs forever . but as they feel an uptick in progress , police are everywhere . eventually , he loses everything , even the hallusination of his daughter .
positive	my favorite thing that he says is frickin idot
positive	this is the best movie i have ever seen . although i am brought close to tears upon mention of christopher reeves , my childhood hero , after his tragic accident and then the car commerical in which he walks gives me hope for the future .
negative	at first it was creepy and kinda scary . then it made a turn for the worse all of a sudden , and didn't get much better from that point on . the ending was just horrible . one of the worst endings i have seen in horror movies in a long time . i am kinda scared to watch the sequel , hope it doesn't suck as bad as this one . bleah .
positive	what more could you want ! ? 50 sweet cars , great action , great actors . ( go cage ! ) this movie is great !
positive	wonderfull
positive	cormac mccarthy's all the pretty horses was one of the first books tackled by my book club . all of us , to a person , were dismayed when finding out that matt damon was going to play john grady cole , thinking him not much more than a 21st century brat pack-er . were we ever wrong . he did an incredible job in what i think is the movie of the year . billie bob thornton's direction was incredible , marty stuart's music was inspiring and all three actors turned in oscar caliber performances . i am one of the few people who thought the love story got just as much attention as it deserved . i would have hated to see this movie turn into another prince of tides . i loved this movie .
positive	i had real reservations about this film . i usually don't enjoy much that drew berrymore and cameron diaz do . i was totally shocked . this movie absolutely rocks . the perfect mix of humor , action , camp , and sex appeal . my wife and i bought it as soon as it came to dvd . we never seem to get tired of watching .
positive	the movies going to be kick-ass i saw the trailer and read about it and it'll be better than the first
negative	sorry , i hated this film . it was very loud , brutal , violent , and way too long . the movie ended after an hour , then ended 45 minutes later , then ran out of steam finally after about three and a half hours . as roger ebert once said , you can tell a movie is bad when you look at your watch . then look at it again . then shake it to see if it's stopped . i would go on about historical inaccuracies . . . . this movie couldn't seem to find a time setting . there were native americans doing martial arts . and the wolf itself , some kind of giant [ badly done ] cgi badger with armor obscuring you from seeing it ( when you finally do see it , they use the standard hiding the monster bit for most of the film ) . if i had to say anything , the photography , settings , and costumes were beautiful . but when the only way you can validate a film is the costumes , you know the plot and chaarcters are lacking . i was completely surprised . i expected a sensible , well-done french film . what i got was a nonsensical american-style blockbuster .
positive	this is a wonderful film . see it . think for youself .
positive	best damn scorcese movie ever hands down .
negative	worst remake ever
positive	this movie made me jump in terror . there were moments when i was so scared i couldn't even look at the screen .
negative	i thought this was the tbn cast doing another telethon .
negative	i hated stars wars , revenge od the sith . i thought is was soooo stupid . i don't see why it was such a big deal to be released . i am so glad that this was the last one & i won't ever have to hear about stars wars after this .
positive	this is such an excellent movie . it made me feel good , and it was so cute . as always , reese witherspoon does a superb job . if you are in a down mood , and want a lift , rent this movie or legally blonde 2 . both are available on dvd ! it is also a cool movie for people who love chihuahua dogs . very few movies show these particular dogs for as smart as they truly are . we love you reese ! no actress could ever top your talent !
positive	i've seen the movie and it's great . i think so at least . it's really funny , and if you ever get the chance , you should check out any kevin smith movie cuz i think they're good and they're funny .
positive	hilarious . one of the best jokes is how many people think badges ? we don't need no stinkin' badges . comes from this movie . for the hoi-polloi , the line is from treasure of the sierra madre .
negative	crappy movie
negative	i hated this movie . the ending sucked and to me it didnt make a whole lot of sense but thats my opinion . my kids liked it .
positive	if you enjoyed this movie , then you ought to read mozart bywolfgang hildesheimer . mozart was a very twisted , perverted genius .
positive	i can't believe that the purile crap served up by american beauty gets in the top 5 here while magnolia scrapes in at around 40 . this film had more humanity in one look than ab had in all the cliched rose bushes in lancashire and yorkshire combined .
positive	deniro's best . why is rocky rated higher than this wonderful movie ?
positive	a barge captain and dreamily romantic young bride travel the seine and parisian waterways , in the company of numerous cats and a memorably eccentric first mate with a hoard of unusual bric-a-brac . a warm , leisurely , lyrical and gently anarchic adventure , infused with a poetic sense of wonderment , jean vigo's only feature film ( before his death at 28 ) has been voted one of the world's top 10 in numerous polls . a precious pearl , to be discovered and cherished .
negative	can't stand gangster-type films
positive	a true classic . . . . the best anti-war movie ever made . it holds up well with realistic scenes of trench warfare and a first rate story line .
positive	one of the most hilarious movies i've ever seen ! poigant and powerful in a way that affects us all . a true beauty .
positive	this is a perfect picture . if ever there was a perfect cast , it is in this film . they make the film come alive . a david o . selnick film which , in my opinion , is his greatest acheivement and alfred hitchcock's american directorial debut is an auspicious one ! joan fontaine deserved best actress oscar for her performance as the second mrs . dewinter as did judith anderson for best supporting actress for her mrs . danvers .
positive	hilarious !
positive	hilarious !
positive	hilarious !
positive	one of my favorite bill murray movies , it's very funny and should be higher on the list .
positive	fantastic scenery and vocals for the time . a beautiful movie . back in the day when clean ( you know boring ) and happy endings ( no heads flying off with viens dangling out . . . ) were in . kinda miss those days sometime .
positive	my favorite movie of all times ! ! i loved the cast of this movie . jennifer love hewitt's tremendous performance propelled her to stardom . this movie was very scary and hip .
positive	like an old fashioned horror
positive	the greatest movie of all time ! vivien leigh is great as scarlett o'hara and she deserved every award for it . mammy was very funny and provided a good dramatic foil for scarlett . there is certainly great chemistry between scarlett rhett ( clark gable ) and will probably be remembered for all time and provide an example of what actors should do .
positive	fantastic movie .
positive	fantastic movie .
negative	this is one of the worst movies ever made . i did not laugh once . the jokes were very cliche and dull . almost like the jokes i used to hear in elementary school . really , is a man getting his butt crack waxed funny ? the humor is rediculousely dumb to the point of making the viewer feel sorry for everyone involved . word of advice if you like good comedies don't see anything by the production team who brought you big daddy or deuce bigalow . if you are a numb skull go check it out .
negative	michael moore can kiss my republican ass .
positive	what a great movie . i didn't see shawshank redemption in the theater , and nobody ever recommended it to me . so when i rented it one night i had low expectations , and it surprised me quite a bit when the movie easily jumped into my all-time top 10 list . the story and the acting are both excellent . but i think the thing that pushes this movie to the next level is the way it inspires you without being sappy , without resorting to the typical ham-handed techniques movies use to play on your emotions . shawshank isn't fancy - it just tells a powerful story in a way that makes you really care about the characters . and laced into that is this great message about freedom and the power of hope . see - it's hard to even write power of hope without cringing , so imagine how tough it must be to make a great movie about it without crossing the line into sap . well , regardless of how it accomplishes that feat , this movie is a must-see .
negative	it had canadian actors and script , which no one likes . the plot was terrible , yet predictable .
positive	i agree with niterider ( sorta ) , it really is a good movie , it's my favorite movie , very romantic and great acting . it should be at # 1 .
negative	wonderful heart warming family film . you'll laugh , you'll cry . you'll want you'r f * cking money back ! ! what a stinky piece ! ! ! ! !
positive	robert preston and julie andrews are fantastic . from their singing to their acting it was very well done . the supporting cast did very well in most cases . a wonderful story . very different from what is offered most of the time currently . an all-around fun movie that has many humorous moments . even the former football player is good .
positive	great movie . . . the best actress is in it and she did a fantastic job ! awesome singer and dancer !
negative	awful . a script so full of cliches it could have been written by a grade seven student . it might have been better if it had been .
positive	what to say about it it's just excellent
negative	found the movie very very crude and demeaning to women . good message at the end but u have to waste an hour and half to get to it . i'm very open-minded , don't offend easily as are my friends . . . . but i dont know anyone who liked it . it was just a really bad movie . . poor taste and a major waste of 10 bucks ! ! ! ! american pie was much much better ! ! ! don't waste ur money ! ! ! !
positive	i think this is one of the bravest films to be released in a long time . done quite lovingly , the artistry is fantastic and the acting shines even though done in latin and aramiac . however to say this film is not for everyone would be a huge understatement . the graphic violence and gore is truly shocking but i certainly don't think it was gratuitous . mel gibson set out to make passion accurately and not gloss over christ's suffering . the accusations of anti-semitism is ridiculous-anyone who has researched that time period knows who ordered christ to die . i applaud gibson for not straying from his vision to please certain groups of people . i myself am not a religious person and i was moved intensely by this film . you feel every aspect of christ's agony along with him . it is a film i will remember for the rest of my life and i highly recommend it but only for those with an iron-clad stomach .
positive	fantastic
positive	fantastic
positive	9 to 5 is definatly one of the funniest movies ever made , and may be called classic one day . it never stops delivering laughs and it's fast-paced and exciting . judy , violet , and dorlee are 3 secretaries to a sexiest , egotistical , lying , hypocritical bigot boss , mr . hart . 9 to 5 was the perfect movie , and colin higgins , the director recieves full credit .
negative	you may not find this review helpful , but all i can say is this film was the biggest insult to a film lover ever . it shouldn't have been , since it was the most contrived slasher movie i have ever seen , but still , its stupidity makes you feel good about yourself , and bad about hollywood , and the human race .
positive	this is a fun movie throughout that i can watch over and over . too bad the sequels were all so horrible .
positive	cate blanchett was superb as elizabeth , she deserved the oscar . a brilliant portrayl of the virgin queen . i believe that it matters very little that there may be small historical innacuracies in the movie , for 'elizabeth' inspires the watcher the learn more about elizabeth i for themselves .
positive	funny and moving . the only problem i saw was that there were far too many climactic moments in which they played the overly dramatic music and some important decision is made , etc . most movies lead up to one of these , however i think remember the titans had about six . that didn't annoy me enough to inspire me to subtract a star , however . denzel washington was excellent , i thought . plus , a good soundtrack !
positive	i've never seen this movie , but i want to , because i like movies that have the brat pack , and i love rob lowe . a lot of people have said that it was good .
positive	this film is what an imax movie was meant to be . fantastic use of the format--astonishing visual treats .
positive	a lovely heart-warming story .
positive	beautiful film . it hurt so much that it was so good . i can't ever watch it again , but i thought it was amazing !
negative	it won an oscar . it had the funny jim carrey and the beautiful kate winslet . but i frankly found it one of the most boring , stultifying , and wearisome movies i have seen in a long time . right up there with the death-inducing dogville in terms of boredom . we watched it one night , wifey passed out in 10 minutes and i made it to 15 . she blamed me that looking at my droopy eyes made her fall asleep . we tried again a couple of nights later . she konked out in 8 minutes this time while i pretty much drifted off to sleep about the same juncture as the previous night . she had the chutzpah to say the next morning , i still want to see it . now how good of a movie could it be if it puts 2 fairly intelligent adults asleep twice ? my theory is that i just can't stand charlie kauffman movies , as i found being john malkovich almost as boring and stupid . kauffman looked like such a dork at the oscars during his acceptance speech . 30 seconds , 29 seconds , i find this very unsettling , 26 seconds , i can't think of any thing to say , this is so distracting , 24 seconds . . .
positive	the ultimate date movie . this little-known laugh riot only lasted in theatres maybe one week before going straight to video and cable . love stinks makes fatal attraction look like a ride at disneyland . the humor is raunchy at times--but every zinger is so intelligently written that you can't help but get absorbed by the chemistry shared between the beautiful , but oh-so possessive bridgette wilson and the nice guy pushed too far antics of french stewart ( from t . v . 's 3rd rock ) of course , the true lovers of this flick will be the ones that have first-hand experience of bitter break-ups .
positive	i saw the left behind movie and i thought it was very well done ! i read all the books and i think the movie having not been edited by hollywood standards stayed very much along the story in the left behind book . i can understand why some might be threatened by the truth of the movie and i am sure that when jerry jenkins and tim lahaye went ahead with the movie idea they were fully aware that some would react in a critical way . i once heard a man of god say that the cross is offensive in it's content , because it calls a person to be aware of thier own accountability . so it makes sense that anything referring to christ and the cross will offend those that reject it . having the truth of christ given in this movie brings up the fear that unbelievers experience just like i did the first time i read the book of revelation as a non-believer . i think the acting was very refreshing .
negative	a very bad score .
positive	i love this movie ! it is soo wonderful . it is my 2nd . fav in the george a romero zombie movies ! i have seen this movie 56 times before !
positive	powerful and rich portrait of t . e . lawrence , and one of the deepest character portraits in cinema . i love the way you see him coming unglued during some of the violent scenes . superb music score .
positive	i thought that it was quite funny . it kept my little brother laughing the whole time . it is not the best for adults but if your looking for something to keep alittle kid out of your hair for a while it is aweaome . the best part of the movie was the blooperes . those were seriously funny . most sequels are bad but this is almost as good as the second one . i recommend it .
positive	my husband and i own this movie and we , along with my in-laws , absolutely love it . it is by far one of our favorites . i recommend it to anyone who likes horror movies .
positive	it's pretty much impossible to not like any of these movies . people complain about how long it is , but i think that just makes it better .
negative	if i could i would get all the austin powers 2 vhs and dvd videos over at my house , take them out back and take a fat dump on all of them .
positive	excellent storyline and idea that turned into another classic . ive never read the book , so i am not comparing the two together . this movie definetely has some really good scenes . the scene with the blood in the hallway freaks me out every time i see it !
negative	with a great cast who would have thought this movie could be soooo bad !
positive	one of the best movies of all time . the horror just builds and builds . a great story that was particularly well acted .
negative	this movie sucks . worst bond movie ever made , well it beats casino royale , but even avtak and nsna are better than dad .
positive	the only classic movie that makes one laugh out loud after repeated viewings ! ! well deserves all the praise it has received .
positive	a truly suspensful movie . . . the first scene is great
positive	entertaining all the way through . never a dull moment and full over every emotion . qt knows how to cast the right person to get the best out of them and make a kick * ss ride out a movie .
negative	forrest gump is , without a shadow of a doubt , the worst film i have ever had the sad misfortune of viewing . this celebration of gross stupidity is crass , completely lacking in any genuine wit and moves at a sloth-like pace from ridiculously contrived plotline to another . tom hanks , a leviathan of modern film-making , is as sickly and lacking in charisma as ever . i would sooner watch my grandmother being savaged by rabid tigers than view this piece of rubbish again .
positive	this was the best movie i have seen in a long time ! it's action packed and full of surprises ! ! once you see it , you'll be hooked , for sure ! ! ! here's hoping there will be a sequel ! ! ^ _ ^
positive	magical fantasy , hilarious with a wonderful cast of characters .
negative	is it all julia stiles can do is films with interracial relationships ? ? ? not being racist at all , but enough already , we get the point ! ! ! !
negative	that movie was an asault on my ears !
negative	lame ! just another boring canister in which to shove a whole bunch of special effects . the original one was infinately better .
negative	people , this movie sucked and still does . nothing will compare to the equally bad original . this one is the exact same tale from the original , only in new york . uninspired and lame .
positive	wow . as soon as the movie was at its resolution , i knew it was a good movie . the end , however , left me stunned and speechless . the people who made this movie couldn't have done any better . the little boy ( what was his name ? ) should definetly appear in more movies . i believe he is very talented ( even more talented than some of the actors today ) . bruce willis's acting speaks for itself . he's wonderful , as always !
positive	a really awesome movie . the storyline was very spiritual , it made people think even though they didn't know they were thinking .
positive	take into consideration the fact that they had a group of people who were largely inexperienced , very little money , and no history of this kind of movie to help carry it , it's that much more impressive how good and funny this movie is . everything from porkys to fast times at ridgemont high to american pie can draw a line from their success to animal house . is the success of animal house over ? was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor ?
negative	i hated this british drama . it only glorified drug use and stupidity . the movie is highly overrated and a waste of time to watch .
negative	didn't get through the first 20 m's of it . boring !
positive	omg omg , so funny !
positive	hilarious . nicholson does an outstanding job playing an obsessive compulsive writer struggling to interact with other people . supporting cast also rocks .
positive	one of the most twisted , funny movies out there , this film shows off the talent of director spike jonze in so many ways . the first scene grabs you and you question how silly this movie is . just when you think it can't get anymore outrageous , the next scene blows you out of your seat with squeals of delight .
positive	one of the best thrillers of the last 15 years .
positive	bruce greenwood didn't really play kennedy very well in the movie , but the screenplay of the movie was excellent nonetheless . it moves very quickly without getting mired in detail , which is a tendency in movies that recreate actual events . it hit all of the strategic concerns revolving around the missile crisis . really this event was the turning point in the cold war . policymakers came to grips with the fact that nuclear annihilation was a very real possibility with escalating conflict . thirteen days very accurately portrayed the myriad of potential solutions to the deadlock like war with the soviets or a blockade . the joint chiefs wanted war while the civilian leadership was more cautious . if you want a peek at how official washington operates , take a look at this movie . the movie portrays the high point of the kennedy administration , one that has a decidedly mixed record ( sorry redoedo ) . he got off to a very slow start but i would say that this was his baptismal by fire . he played hardball with the soviets after this . the cuban missile crisis also really changed the whole dynamic of the cold war . the realities of nuclear annihilation became a very real , tangible possibility . the us and the soviets had to improve relations or else there would have been a nuclear exchange ; something that wouldn't have benefitted anyone at the end of the day . so anyways , minus greenwood's bad portrayal of kennedy , i would say it's a great movie .
positive	one of the most unforgettable and moving films of the last 3 decades . this performance by meryl streep is an unequalled masterpiece . also great performances by kevin kline and peter macnichol . the story is heartbreaking and poignant . magnificent !
positive	good movie . i enjoyed it . suprisingly
positive	i think this movie is really funny , good work !
positive	i loved it ! ! ! i want to be a coyoty ugly for life ! ! ! the music was awesome and i used to be a dancer so i couldn't sit still . i love the music and i love how it made women feel like they rule ! ! !
positive	i saw this movie three days ofter the release on may 19 , 1999 , it blew me away . i went home after and the next day i couldn't help but tell everyone how great this movie was . all of the acting by liam neeson , ewan mcgregor , natalie portman , and rey park gave you a good sense on how the surroundings should interact with the actors . desert scenes with old faces , ( liam neeson ) . that's how a movie should work . the fight scenes with darth maul and his dual-bladed lightsaber versus qui-gon and obi-wan , prompted me to go again . the music was excellent , it gave you a good feeling for the action . the best of the 4 star wars movies .
positive	edward scissorhands . . . . . haha . awesome !
positive	every girl i know who is my age , watched this movie religiously at sleepovers . it's the best childhood nastoliga i know of . it's cornball plot , ending with the dance where baby struts her stuff was so cool then , and notorious now . it's fun and you can sing along with all the songs .
positive	my all time favorite .
positive	best movie ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you dont see this movie you suck !
positive	stupendous classic the moment it hits the screen . gorgeous to look at , wonderfully wrought with such loving care and reverence for the literary legend .
negative	grow up !
positive	this movie was great--a perfect balance between gory violence and healthy patriotism . restraint was an interesting idea for a theme . and i'm glad mel didn't have any . most importantly , though , was how this movie was neither a fraud nor a sham . a definite plus .
positive	i absolutely love everything about this movie ! i can't wait to see the second one .
positive	flawless entertainment . john travolta shows his immense complexity as an alien . his performance is so convincing he may actually be one . forest whitaker i know is an alien because he starred in ghost dog . i recommend this film to everyone ( who also likes to stick forks up their butts . )
positive	probably considered a guy movie , but a classic all the same . makes you want to go out and buy naked lady tees after watching it .
positive	very funny , well scripted and very strong performances all around .
positive	i think save the last dance was a very good movie ! ! it had all the sweet romantic things a long with the fighting sences all the guys like ! ! if i had to , i would watch that movie every day ! !
positive	superb ! i went to see it when i was six and i just loved it ! my all time fave for animation !
negative	it's almost embarrasing how bad this horror movie was , because it was liked by teenagers and the critics . jennifer love hewitt was totally silly and unstable in her role , and the rest of the cast was too tired and craweled throughout the whole film .
positive	if you're human , this movie will move your heart and make you think . the combination of excellent acting and a realistic script will lead you to consider what happens to those who personally pay the price of freeedom .
negative	how did this movie garner so much critical acclaim ? furthermore , how could this movie be so bad when it had so many fine actors ? the plot moved way too slowly for my taste . i found myself not caring about any of the characters , ( they weren't very likable ) which caused me not to care about what happened in the movie . one of the worst films i've ever seen .
negative	god-awful maudlin junk . the ship should have sunk an hour earlier and saved us all the angst .
negative	this movie sucked . i laughed ( at the stupid acting , storyline , casting , and action scenes . ) , i cried ( because the damn movie just would never end . ) i fell asleep ( for obvious and aformentioned reasons . ) i saw this movie on prom night with all of my friends and maybe because we were all too busy making fun of it i really missed the whole point . . but i doubt it .
positive	one of my all-time favorites ! how can this not be at the top of this list ?
positive	fargo is the funniest murder movie ever . i saw it in the theaters three times and then bought it right when it came out . is that your partner in the woodchipper there ? frances mcdormand was hilarious .
positive	when i first heard about pearl harbor , i saw it was around my birthday , so i decided to check it out . i went on the internet and all these critics were trashing it . i couldn't believe it , then i went to see the movie , and it was better than ever ! almost better than star wars ! everyone in the movie did an excellent job . this movie is for all to see .
positive	very unique storyline , and the special effects with the aliens were spectacular . the ideas set forth in the movie were very creative .
positive	greatest childrens movie ever and i need just one word . scrat ! ( and its not that bad to watch if you are an adult as well . just ask me )
positive	fantastic computer graphics and storyline . tom hanks always seems to be at his best when it comes to children films . the actors voices are brilliant and the characters lovable . i love this film so much that my partner bought me ts1 2 on dvd for christmas !
positive	this is real comedy . . .
positive	this is a great movie . it shows the hardship that oklahomans went thru during the depression and the dust bowl .
positive	'the godfather' is simply one of the greatest ( if not the greatest ever ) . this movie has it all , and anyone who has ever sat down to watch it is immediately pulled into the world of the corleones for the entire length of the movie . with the mixture of storyline and casting , along with the light and dark , this movie captures the very essence of what filmmaking is all about and more . 'the godfather' is art at its finest- magnificent ! ! !
positive	one of the funnest , and best shows of the year .
positive	as times goes on , this movie gets lost in the discussions of great movies from the past 10-15 years , but it shouldn't . it takes an old theme ( time travel ) and makes it a part of an original story . i only wish they had stopped at this one and not done the two sequals .
negative	ashton kutcher . that explains everything . i still like the and then thing but he can take no credit for that .
positive	freakin great film , never got bored during film at all , i only wished for more and more . halli was excelent with her charactor , all of the charactors had an effect on you , either you liked them or you hated them ( not hating them becuase you think them movie sucked , you hated them beucase you like the evil of that character . overall this movie needs a second one because i walked out of the theaters cat crazy and ready to to climb on walls .
negative	from justin to kelly to the toilet . the producers should be shot .
positive	a 3 hour long pacino saga that never gets old .
negative	you people are so thirsty for a good horror film you seem to settle for cheap hour and a half long x-file knock off garbage . i saw this film the night it was realesed with high hopes of a great exorcist like film . i wanted to be jolted i wanted to be frightened and i wanted the film to give me something to think about . instead i got another high budget attempt at money making . this film is prpackaged cotton candy crap ! i think my i . q . dropped 10 points just from witnessing such an attrocity . i was ashamed . i am all for religion in cinema . i myself am not a religious man at all even though i was raised in a christian house hold . i can see how some people got a message from stigmata and i can see how it opens some peoples eyes to a new world but those people must realize this new world they are seeing is based in a lame fictitious horror movie world that is based in no solid evidence and is made to make the schmuks who believe the tabloids paranoid . sad stuff , man . . .
negative	don't waste your time . . . this is a really bad movie .
positive	great leading role . poignant social issues even today .
positive	not just a great horror movie but a great movie . anyone should enjoy this whether they're into the genre or not . it has timeless suspense , warmth and humor . alone . . . bad . . . friend . . . good !
positive	one of my favorites
positive	save the last dance was one of the best movies i've ever seen because not only did it have terrific dancing , but it dealt with real issues in the world , such as rasicm
positive	one of the best modern gangster films of all time . joe pesci in one of his best roles , with his classic scene funny how ! the rise and fall of big-time , small time criminals with no family backing them . plus , the youthful shots of ray liota's character in the beginning of the film are a nice touch .
positive	an excellent thriller with an outstanding cast . the effects are awsome a good candidate for imax redo .
positive	this was a great movie . there were really cool visual effects and an edge of your seat storyline to keep you interested . both john and nicholas did an excellent acting job as well as keeping the storyline . see it !
positive	i love demi , think jack is terrific , even tom was good . . .
negative	this film is so bad that i have to turn off the tv within the first 5 minutes .
positive	good film that illustrates morality and faith . should be seen by any christian who likes foreign cinema .
positive	funny ! ! !
positive	this was one of my favorite movies . i'm not all that into war , but this movie really helped me out a lot . it showed me that afro-americans really made a difference in the world , even though it took us a long time . i would love to have been back then , only to fight and prove a point to myself and others .
positive	after i saw this movie , i started driving by convenience stores that were not on the way home
positive	didn't understand it but it made me laugh !
positive	top rate - you like dags ?
negative	well , it was a good start to the new brangelina movement . they got to make out in a movie , and not feel extremely guilty about it . it was all scripted . . . or so we think .
negative	bad movie .
negative	just shoot this horse already . i laughed . i cried . i almost lost control of my faculties . this film is the height , the epitome of chick-flickism . the trials , the tribulations : whoa is me . if you're forced to watch it , bring some arsnic .
positive	good , great , best !
positive	masterpiece . gotta see it .
positive	a flawless piece .
negative	this movie isn't worth watching if someone gave you the dvd free . . assuming it is on dvd already . . . do not waste your money on this . . . it is just another idiotic chris farley nightmare . . .
positive	excellent film noir , one of the best ever made . great script and terrific performances by joseph cotten , vali , trevor howard and especially orson welles . the cinematography gives the right mood , and no way could this movie have been made years later in color . the zither music is unique , unfortgettable but fitting .
positive	easily one of the best movies ive seen in a long time , just second to amores perros . eternal sunshine is one of the great love stories of our time told with great pace , inteligence and always avoiding corny spots ( very non - hollywood ) . very few movies have been this keen and this smart at trying to find the essence of love and of relationships in general between men and women . i used to hate charlie kaufman and dismiss him as an eccentric screenwriter in urgent need of a valium or a mental institution , with this he reedems himself completely . bravo ! matas pontdebulle
positive	a fine film recording the life and sad ending to a life of enormous creativity . monk is one of the world's great artists and composers .
positive	i dont know about anybody else , but if you see this movie in the theatres , it will haunt you . this movie does a good job to get into your mind . the images were very eerie and hard to forget , the ghost was simply creepy . also have some good scenes that make you jump . very unpredictable , especially the ending , one of the most serious endings i've ever witnessed !
negative	a movie that has no respect for the middle class . the scene in which mena suvari could have been shot in from the side and suggested nudity , but director mendes has no respect for suvari and exposes her . you can see her discomfort . truly and ugly and hateful film .
positive	my fave . it is beautiful , interesting and makes ya think . i wanna buy this oscar winning classic .
positive	when i first saw this movie , i was 12 years old . i remember that the same weekend that i saw it , my room was getting painted , and i had to sleep downstairs in the living room on an air mattress . all night long , i drifted in and out of sleep thinking that i was floating on an inflatable raft in the middle of the ocean with a 25 foot long great white circling me . not my best night's sleep ever , but an excellent , classic movie .
positive	classic performances by chevy chase , bill murray , and rodney dangerfield . you owe it to yourself to see this movie . it is so funny .
negative	what was travolta thinking ? barbarino in space . i kept falling asleep the first time so i thought i'd better watch it again . it was just as bad the second time . some of the fx were cool but not good enough . i remember panning for gold when i was a kid and getting those big gold bars , not ! did terl give them the smelting equipment ? no . i can't beleave anyone set out to make a film this bad . makes me wonder what was left on the cutting room floor . it's to bad that rate it ! wont let me give it zero stars .
negative	warning to my loyal fans : this is an art movie , not a sado-slasher movie . don't even bother clicking the helpful button , guys . i still have 158 horror movies to review !
positive	this is a great movie ! mel brooks is a genious it is one of the best movies of all time .
positive	excellent movie . it was suspenseful and very interesting . i could definitely see it more than once .
positive	top gun was an all time action movie .
positive	this movie appeals to all ages . when i was in college , my group of guy friends always watched the lion king . it was always on when i went over there . it is a great story .
positive	that was a really great movie ! i thought it might be another one of those movies that didn't live up to the book it was based on , but it was a great movie in relation to the book ! important details were left out but the movie itself was great ! i loved it and can't wait for the next one !
positive	if you ever see one movie ( which i hope never happens to you ) see bjm . it has to be the smartest and funniest movie ever . and the only movie to ever use all the letters from a-o in its title .
positive	i love this movie !
positive	i love this movie !
positive	scream was a scary and funny movie the opening puts you in the mood for the rest of the movie
positive	this movie rocked and raised the bar for action and special effects . not only that , but it was actually better than the first one . linda hamilton was a bad ass , and it is nice to see her character evolve to an independant woman from a damsel in distress . good twist on ahhhhhnold character . also , show's that a bad guy ( robert patrick ) doesn't have to be 6 feet tall and muscle bound to be strong , effective and intimidating .
positive	this movie was great because it gives a better , clearer view of what happened to the jews during the holocaust . it is informative and educational and a really great movie to watch for pleasure .
negative	wow , what an awful movie . i mean really , really miserable . as shallow as this sounds , i rented from dusk till dawn because the ads featured salma hayek dancing around scantily clad , and it turns out that was the only part of this movie worth watching . the plot is idiotic , the acting is worse than what you'd expect from bad tv , it's not at all scary , and the attempts at humor fall completely flat . if this movie was any worse , i could almost recommend it as something to laugh at , but it's not even bad enough to be good .
positive	freakin funny and hilarious i love this movie its one of my favorites !
positive	one of my all-time favorites . . . cagney was the best , by his own admission he was simply a song dance man . . . this movie was actually the george m . cohen story and cagney was born for the part . there are some great songs , great dancing ( nobody made it look easier than jimmy with his rubbery legs ) and a nicely told story of a true american hero .
positive	an amazing film . . . a great socio-economic film , sports is merely a backdrop to larger issues . . .
positive	i love this movie and the costumes are great ! ! ! i could'nt believe rhett left her , but it was great when they got back together in scarlett .
positive	subtle acting of morgan freeman and jessica tandy with excellent supporting performances of lupone and aykroyd . very worthwhile-and entertaining
positive	i think fat bastard inpregnated me . ( ha ha sikes ) the movie is so funny . i was rollin .
negative	i haven't seen this but i was told that the message you get at the end is the joke is on you for paying to see this movie ! good one tom . . . . i guess .
positive	gladiator is one of the best movies i've seen when it comes to the time when gladiators , and the romen empire was said to be . it moves pretty fast so you dont get bored like some of the other moves . the plot is neat to crowe starts out as general becomes a slave then becomes a gladiator and upsets the empire . you have to love it .
positive	love this movie !
positive	love this movie !
positive	this is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
negative	despite the film's complimentary reviews and it's growing legion of fans , it is terrible . a special effects extravaganza and not much more . a somewhat confusing plot , and long periods of unexciting storyline don't help this movie live up to it's comic book beginnings . maybe it can all be summed up in two words : keanu reeves .
positive	oh yeah good movie
positive	as a 29 year-old ( straight ) male who owns his share of punk rock cds , i'm thoroughly embarrassed by my love for this movie . every once in a while i'll get its songs stuck in my head . especially that yodelling one that they use during the puppet show . but there's really not a weak spot to the whole movie ( except that one song that maria sings when she's on her way from the convent to the von trapps ) .
negative	my word to describe this movie : unnecessary . between what is truly entertaining and what is a pure waste of time , there is a line . kinsey crossed it . definitely a waste of time . i was interested at first because of the sweet honest romance kinsey and his wife shared and their naivity about sex . it was cute . but the remainder of the movie took a beautiful thing and shat ( is that a word ? ) all over it . my image of lliam neeson is forever ruined .
negative	this is possibly the worst movie ever made and i am ashamed to say that i saw the whole thing . i feel slightly less intelligent after it was finished . wow .
positive	excellent movie with brillant and entertaing comedy . awesome soundtrack and i just love the aussie accents . great cast and an aborably realistic and touching storyline . tre bien !
positive	they can't do that to our pleges - only we can do that to our pleges ! so un-pc and funny it wouldn't get filmed today .
positive	i still watch it every now and then - feels a little like clockwork orange for some reason . . .
positive	released in 1974 , monty python and the holy grail is the first film from the famed british comedy troupe . this movie is not for everyone as the british humor is a specific taste , the movie is very low production , and the screenplay is irreverent and full of odd animation . the story has our group of comedians graham chapman , john cleese , terry gilliam , eric idle , terry jones , and michael palin playing king arthur and his knights as they tackle life during the middle ages and search for the holy grail . the film is full of classic lines and non-sequiturs as it rapidly fluctuates back and forth from the mundane ( eg bantering political theory with peasants and deciding on how to spot a witch ) to the grandiose ( eg a trojan rabbit and a magically guarded bridge ) . much like the arthurian legends themselves , the movie is much like a collection of related short stories as the various knights go on their separate quests and then reunite for the final challenge and an abrupt conclusion . the bottom line is that monty python and the holy grail has become a cult classic and right of passage that must be seen at least once .
positive	really great acting and a wonderful story to it plus it will surely give you a ton of laughs ! ! how can you go wrong with jim carrey ? ? ? you can not !
positive	when i went to see spiderman it had only been released a couple of days . it was very crowded and it seemed to me that the theater was filled with two very different groups of people . half the crowd had never read a spiderman comic book , and knew absolutely nothing about the characters . the other half knew way too much about spidey to be healthy . before the movie started i said to my wife that one half of the audience or the other would have to be disappointed . if it were deep enough to impress the experts it would be way over the heads of the novices . i could not have been more wrong . the whole audience was entertained and everyone enjoyed it . the movie is about 90 % true to the comic book . i remember seeing this movie advertised in theaters before the september attacks . in those early promos they showed an amazing scene where spiderman spun a web between the twin towers and caught a helicopter . after the attacks , the movie's release was held up and all scenes of the towers were removed . some day , in the future , when the wounds heal , i would like to see the original version and compare it to what was released .
positive	i saw boys don't cry on campus and i really liked the movie . the topic was fresh and the acting was very convincing . i thought that it did not try to sugarcoat what is obviously a very emotional topic , and this made boys don't cry , stick in my mind as a powerful movie .
positive	one of my favorite python films ! the ending is especially hillarious .
positive	stab my foot with that pitchfork . . . ow , that didn't hurt . . . haha
positive	four young boys out on an adventure before they're to old to be ruined by adulthood . the relationship between these boys , their interactions and behaviors are all believable . the boys parts are acted very well-river phoenix was great , so were the other 3 who i can't remember their names right now . i've probably seen this movie 5 times , it's on my top 20 .
positive	lucky enough to see it the night before it opened . i loved it . it is amazing how some of the things in the movie looked exactly as i imagined them to . diagon alley for example was almost a perfect match , as was gringott's . hogwarts itself was very different from what i imagined , but it was very cool . i loved the moving staircases ! the actors all perfectly conveyed their characters , and i especially liked daniel radcliffe , emma watson and rupert grint as harry , hermione and ron . robbie coltrane as hagrid was wonderful and they could not have picked a better dumbledore or snape ! i do have only one concern though . the book was about 150 pages , the movie was about 2 . 5 hours . . . what happens when we get to goblet of fire at 750 pages ? in all , i highly recommend this movie !
negative	easily one of the worst movies of all time . crude humor , bad language and tons of disrespect all around . tom green should be arrested .
positive	heath ledger is sooo hot ! the movie was really good and the whole theater got into it .
positive	i peed myself . . .
positive	i'm a big eddie murphy fan , so i think bhc is the best movie of all time .
positive	best movie ever made ! !
positive	do i even need to say anything ?
negative	this was just another dumb blow it up movie . willis is a better actor than this and would have to wait many years to show it .
positive	forrest gump is an incredible mixture of genres . definitely a great movie to see
positive	hitchcock's masterpiece of suspense
positive	this is my favorite movie . its pure fun . perhaps the criticism is true . the plot isnt revolutionary . the characters arent deep . the special effects are not the best . you have to look past all those stuck-up snubs and see the real beauty in this film . the pace is really what grabs you . there is little time spent on characterization , but whats there is done well . the movies overall frenetic pace can be seen as a method of glossing over a lack of characterization , but the main characters backgrounds are revealed quickly , allowing the pace to continue . bruce's character , korbin dallas , is easily established in his opening scene as he takes a phone call : his background in the military , his recent divorce , and his current occupation as a cab driver . the soundtrack lends itself to this pace with its high-energy mix of techno , classical , and middle-eastern sounds . the sound effects themselves are huge and compliment every word and action so well . if you really want to get technical , i think the set design is awesome . it makes the future look grungy and bright all at the same time . the sets often use a large amount of hot colors and pop spots of bright blue against them . the costumes are also bright and incredibly imaginative . additionally , the film utilizes lots of montages and cross-cuts . its hard to explain unless you know the terminology . basically , the editing is genious . it jumps between characters so they tell each others stories . what really made me fall in love with the movie is the humor . a large proportion of the movie is just plain funny , especially with bruces dry , sarcastic humor . not to mention awesome one-liners like , listen lady , i only speak two languages - english and bad english the nearly cartoonish acting by many , notably ian holm and gary oldman , are also hilarious but well done . personally , i find garys the best of all . his over-the-top southern accents adds humor to his monologues . the way all the characters interact is so believable that by the end scene , when bruce tells you not to breath youll find it hard not to do what he says . i do every time . if anything i dare you not to laugh at the robber at korbin dallas door .
positive	the best fightng special effets i've ever seen , and for a sci-fi movie the acting wasn't bad
positive	jim carrey does it again ! hysterical , witty and it does not get boring ! one of my favorites !
negative	needs tom bombadil ! ! ! !
positive	excellent movie . jim carey returns to his old self . this movie is comparable to dumb and dumber . instead of over relying on jim's physical comedy aspect , ( ace ventura 2 , cable guy ) an interesting plot was incorporated as well .
positive	my favorite horror film of all time . this one is not nearly as gory as you would think . there is so much suspense and build-up and it does pay off at the end . you will be scared . that dang creepy music will get to you too .
positive	by the way , this refers to the 1939 version of victor hugo's landmark novel . charles laughton's make-up and acting are a knockout . alfred newman's score is one of the best of the 30s . great visuals and storytelling .
positive	cruise and crowe could become the stewart / capra of their generation .
positive	taxi driver is a great movie that portrays loneliness .
positive	saving private ryan was a great movie . the effects and realism were wonderful . i recommend everyone buy the movie and watch it in surround sound .
negative	i'm in the minority i know , but this movie was not what i expected . it was pure cheese .
positive	5 stars . . . but only ( and i do mean 'only' ) because of the scene where both martin and smith are in the electronics store !
positive	i liked this movie ! different type of movie , very enegetic ! i love brad pitt's charicter , very funny . the ending is great !
positive	the best freakin movie ever made ! ! !
positive	this movie was great ! ! i can't think of anything bad to say about this movie . the cast was great , the acting was great . i just love ben stiller and edward norton . jenna elfman is just breath-taking ! ! !
positive	classic . for some reason ( 'can't put my finger on it ) , f . murray abraham as salieri was phenominal .
positive	no one does it better than speilberg ( plus i just felt like raising the rating . )
positive	great plot and good special effects . the acting was very dramatic and a good script . the ending was the best part of the movie . very creative .
positive	i love this movie , it's great . my all time favorite movie next to gone with the wind . whoever gave this movie a rating of one star must have had a sad , neglected childhood and i feel sorry for them .
positive	the most underrated disney masterpiece ever . it's very exciting and funny . plus the animation is stupendous !
positive	this is the way food is supposed to be done . like water for chocolate could learn something here .
positive	all the right elements are in the mix : the pace is fast without being confusing , the humor dry and witty , the action exciting and suspenceful . if anything is missing its the over-blown ( and obvious ) computer graphics and clichs of a doomed futuristic world that have become the standard for sci-fi ( or any other summer blockbuster , for that matter ) . rather , this is an actual story of people with complicated pasts and uncertain futures ; it just happens to be set in outer space . this movie should become the touchstone for all movies , but especially sci-fi , wherein the focus is on how each particular person -- in keeping with his character -- reacts to the action and environment .
negative	if i hear cera scream one more time ! ! ! !
positive	one of the best movies i have seen in a long time . i frequently go to the movies and find action and suspense to be entertaining but often mixed with violence . this movie is great for all ages . it made me laugh throughout the whole movie . i highly recommend this movie ( and have to many of my friends ) .
negative	i hated this movie ! the music made me physically sick .
positive	no , what say the title or name . well , this movie is as : lat us make the things better , with a smile , with a resultq : human being respectfullity for us mother earth . let us life : that's so beautiful or not ? franscis
positive	the greatest ! ! star wars is silly kid stuff compared to this classic .
positive	one of my favorite movies of all time . superb scenery but a little violent . i loved it
negative	this movie sucks ! there was no actual plot , and all the characters seemed fake , and the acting was horrible . this movie was the worst of all three . the whole movie was so bad it was painful to watch .
positive	the blackest of all black comedies . kubrick is brilliant
negative	if you try to make a movie out of a bad show , then what are you trying to accomplish ? ? ? nothing . and you get nothing out of this high-budget film that doesn't get anywhere .
positive	this movie was very intense . . i can see why it was nimonated , but didn't win-too scary for the academy . i thought kath-z . jones-douglas was quite wonderful-i honestly thought she was a good guy . .
negative	this show sucked ! so does jay and silent bob ! what was even the storyline ? i got so bored during this crap that i failed to pay attention . the only thing that made it worth staring at for one second was chris rock . if he wasn't in it then it would have no plot whatsoever .
negative	i just want to know if the people that rated this movie good or great actually saw the movie . because if you have you relize that this movie is quite horiible . true , it does take new steps in animation , but i would have to say that this movie is extremely boring .
positive	this movie is great . helen hunt and jack nicholson have great chemistry and jack hits all of his lines perfectly . it keeps you very entertained .
positive	this movie kicked ass ! the whole time i was on the edge of my seat . the story was awesome . the writer had a good flow and the concept was perfectly horrific . i love the whole idea of cheating death and the resulting ( new ) future in which the characters are chased by death in the order they were seated in the plane . if you have never seen this movie , it is definitely worth your time ! ! ! !
negative	i couldn't believe how bad this movie stunk . i would have rather spent my money on seeing x2 again .
negative	get over it , this movie just plain old sucks . there is not one bit of good chemistry between cher and nicholas cage . it is so annoying , and he looks horrible . he didn't know how to act when he was young , and he proves it here . neither can cher , so let's get to the point peoples !
negative	better name for this movie 3 woman acting dumb stupid , and air headed ! ! ! movie sucked ! ! ! !
negative	this is possibly the worst movie of 2003 . . . even the alleged great talent of sean connery couldn't save it . . . a complete bomb that isn't even worth watching if someone gave it to you free . . .
positive	i find most of alfred hitchcock's work to be masterpiece material . psycho was a work of art and displayed the carnal nature that exists beneath the threshold of consciousness that often times flourishes in the overt actions of man .
positive	this is one of the most important films ever made . it showed the versatility of steven spielberg and his miraculous ability to make movies for the masses that not only please visually , but also intellectually . harrison ford give the performance of his career in this exciting , fast paced and thoughtful action film .
negative	biggest load of s * & t i've ever had the misfortune to see in my entire life
positive	amazingly charismatic work by nicholson . legendary script by robert towne . classic downer ending by roman polanski . irresistable . one caveat : this is not a movie for idiot couch potatoes . you have to pay attention to this one . the information is not spoon fed to you .
positive	what is great about this film is that it has to be the most perfectly cast movie of all time .
negative	misery was a horror movie ? i thought is was cheesy drama .
positive	i watched this movie at a time in my life when i was feeling very down . i moved to michigan away from my family in new york and was feeling very lonely because i couldn't be with them a christmas . i felt so good after watching it that i called my mom to discuss it .
positive	titanic is my favorite movie from this list because it has all the qualities of a great movie . the plot was interesting . there was humor , romance , suspense , and adventure .
positive	the most charming and well-animated movie i have ever seen . watch it once for the delightful story of devoted grandmotherly love , twice for the plethora of minor characters , a third time for the amazing animation ( especially the way light and shadow are used ) , and a fourth time because you can't get enough of it . maybe even a fifth , just to delight again in the triplets' culinary and orchestral eccentricities .
positive	i liked this movie which i thought i was going to hate . i can't relate to some of the scenarios ( talk about out an understatement ! ) but i still found the movie funny and provakative , to say the least .
positive	i am brave sir . . . shut up ! a classic funny . i was laughing straight for days and reciting passages . it took me a while to get what the knights of ni had changed their name to , but i got it . ekkiekkiekkibekongzooopboing .
positive	good vs . evil has never been done simpler-or better .
positive	it was movie that made you think about how much society hasn't changed and how labels are still put on people . also how that system takes control and tells you that you have to change to be acceptable . i haven't read the book yet but the movie was awesome and i loved it .
positive	the tempest in space . good fun .
negative	and i thought holy grail was bad . really unfunny .
negative	yet another execrable example of hollywood bastardising history . what is it with the us mainstream film industry that it can't help re-writing history to make the us come out the winner everytime . propaganda of the most sick making sort .
positive	* dink * * dink *
negative	mr . spealberg , please , stop doing that films . i only liked the first 20 minutes .
negative	the worst one of the entire series !
negative	this movie is terrible . it's not scary , or funny . all of the chucky movies are retarded , but this is definitely the worst . i wanted my five dollars back from the movie theatre because this movie sucked . it had no plot .
negative	massive disapointment . i am a huge fan of james patterson the author of all the alex cross detective novels and i must say in respect to the novel , this film is a travesty . this film is nothing like the biik which , in retrospect , is much more enjoyable and well thought out . this movie follows the book in no way except that the good guy is alex cross and the bad guy is gary sonja . this film grows into nothing . you end up feeling nothing for any character at all . and when ah ha moments fail to make you go ah ha . that is a sighn of failure . kiss the girls wasn't much better in that respect . anyway , i recommend reading the books . stay away from this film or any other film made of this brilliant series of books .
positive	so many levels
positive	scorcese's greatest film . it is simply one of the most visually beautiful films i've seen , and has an uncommon power .
negative	bambi is just plain , one of the worst disney movies ever made . it is so stupid , and the whole entire plot with a talking deer , and it's just so stupid . go shoot the deer and burn the video box .
positive	the best thing about this movie is edward furlong and edward norton
positive	worth the the wait to see hollywood produce an epic that isn't just a bunch of hype but a cinematic masterpiece .
positive	for anyone who has worked in the computer division of a large company can appreciate the humor in this movie . i loved this movie . we all know the boss , bill lumberg , the woman in the cubicle next to us with the most annoying voice , the memo's that everyone but you got , etc . . . alot of mindless humor , but also some intelligent things , you just have to be smart enough to catch it .
positive	certainly the best of them all , although i really liked a new nightmare . i have never forgot freddy and i think he is one of the best horror heroes ! no one parties like freddy ! i still remember the tv series they put out . great film and i love the part where nancy sees the dead girl in the body bag outside the class room door !
positive	this movie , gone in 60 seconds . . . kicks ass . . ! nicholas cage did some awesome high speed driving in this flick to the point of leaving me wondering . . . did he study under steve mcqueen ? ? ? is that it ? cause that's really saying something when it comes to driving a car as skillfully as that . now then , if you really want to sit on the tip of your chair in a cold sweat , watching this flick . . . simply go out and buy or rent a copy of it on dvd . . . do the hometheater and the works . it will blow you out of your seat . . . promise .
positive	this movie made my mother feel motion sickness ! it was awesome , as the space shuttle journeyed through space the stars seemed to pass right by us . it felt like we were moving through space , especially when we were in the space station and we turned about like the cameras . but the most awesome thing was looking at the earth from space . it was just so huge , that was the closest i would ever get to seeing the whole world from that point of view . it was breathtaking . plus the music that is played or not ; even the silence in that movie made a powerful impression .
negative	jackie , jackie , jackie . . . what on earth were you thinking ! ? ! he opted not to do his own stunts for this one , and it was a huge disappointment for many jackie chan fans . storyline was lame , but i wasn't expecting oscar material or anything . jennifer love hewitt just wasn't convincing as a scientist . it was almost painful to watch , and if there are any jackie chan fans out there who hasn't seen this , i highly suggest that you spare yourself the pain !
positive	good , faithful to the spirit of the book . several great performances , and fine cinematography . i actually prefer the extended version on video .
negative	this movie is boring and it is a amature horror movie this movie is so predictable .
positive	al pacino is one of my all time favorite actors . he is extremely talented and versatile . chris o'donnell is also spectacular as a new comer to hollywood when the movie first came out .
negative	ummmmm . . . . . . sucks the big one .
positive	stuart little has been underrated ! i rated it as great ( 5 stars ) because it's so clever . of course it's great for kids , but i think it's entertaining for parents and non-parents too . who can resist a mouse who goes with his adoptive mother to the toy store to buy doll clothes for a family dinner ?
positive	anyone expecting something really deep will be disappointed . i thought this movie was excellent . great action , great characters , . . . the characters weren't too serious , making fun of themselves , esp . natalie ( diaz ) . the movie was heaps of fun . go and see it !
positive	i have heard that the wizard of oz is the most watched american movie ever made . it is , indeed , an excellent movie and i can understand why it has earned such a reputation . it appeals to the sensibility of everyone , basically . it is probably the greatest family film ever made . i remember watching this movie when i was younger . while not one of my top favorites , the wizard of oz is an extremely entertaining movie and it deserves every bit of praise it has gotten .
positive	such an amazing movie ! far better than episodes 1 and 2 . the plot is very believable , as is the acting . some of the scenes were breathtaking . . . brilliantly written !
negative	one of those films where the violent scenes appeared to have been written by an emotionally disturbed person , who'd never seen anything .
positive	one of the most dark and gritty movies of the sci-fi genre , blade runner never ceases to impress . ridley scott's meticulous attention to detail makes for great cinema . the cinematography is something to behold . besides that it has a great script to back it up . rutger hauer is positively wicked as the villian roy batty . he has one of the best lines in movie history at the edn of the film . all my memories , lost like teardrops in the rain , time to die . harrison ford plays a good foil to hauer's insane villain . he's great as the seasoned pro deckart who has doubt about what he has to do to the replicants .
positive	as most of you have gathered from my weblist , i'm a huge , unabashed disney fan . this is truly my favorite and one of the best in my opinion . a sweet story paired with fantastic , unique voicework that brought to life unforgettable characters . and who can forget the wonderful , fun music ? i will admit sometimes disney films are blandly entertaining but this one had the spunk and fun to reach many age groups , creating a lasting cartoon classic .
positive	owen luvs his mama
positive	i can understand that some people would find the deliberate , methodical pace of this film as off-putting , but i think if you take it in the context of the social and class relationships of that time , you glean a new understanding of the film . to me , it is amazing the amount of restraint that hopkins and thompson bring to their roles , as would only be proper for those in service at the time . the juxtaposition of the unattainable romance of two downstairs people against the fading glory of the upstairs crowd is genius . especially interesting is the fact that the author , who so manages to capture the essence of the english class structure , is an expatriate japanese .
positive	this movie always makes me smile . great comedy and a great team ( belushi and akroyd ) set to a fantastic soundtrack .
positive	i love this ingenious movie ! the graphics were great and the plot kept me thinking until the end of the movie , which also kept me thinking , what is the next movie going to be like ? how will the next one thrill me ? this movie deffinately rubbed me the right way . the story was confusing and made me wonder if t his was really going on , but i just brushed it off and that feeling made me realize about 10 % more how smart the creation of this movie is . i would reccomend it to anybody that likes to keep wondering 'til the end . great movie !
positive	jaws is my second favorite movie of all time . i seem to have a thing for movies set in a clautrophobic environment . in this case , it is the orca on which the three men are hunting the shark . along with rear window , i can watch this film over and over again , and never tire of it !
positive	this was the first movie we watched in my school's film class this year , and i can't argue with its reputation as one of the greatest movies of all time : great performances from the whole cast , an interesting story , memorable characters , dozens of memorable lines , an intelligent and well-written screenplay with an ample amount of witty humor to boot . as the saying goes , they don't make 'em like this anymore , and it's a damn shame they don't .
positive	the wedding singer is an extremly well made movie , and it deserves so much credit for what went into it . it has the best lines , and adam sandler has an excellent role as robbie hart . it takes place in 1985 , in a small suburban town and robbie falls in love with julie , who is getting married to a rat , who is cheating on her , but he's rich and robbie's a poor wedding singer , but julie likes robbie better but is too nervous to tell him .
positive	great movie for kids and adults . very funny ! ! !
positive	wow
positive	a great movie , well done . proves to the naysayers just how much love he had for us . note to samthecoolbear don't worry about ralph , he makes fun of everybody . that's his way . it makes him feel good about himself i guess ?
positive	a great achievement . i know some people criticize it for deviating from the book , but i don't know one movie that doesn't . i thought they caught the spirit of dumas' book eloquently .
positive	i really didn't think i would like this movie when i first started watching it . it just didn't look that good . but the more i watched the more i enjoyed it , and i was laughing out loud at some of the comedy . the music's not bad either . a pleasant surprise .
positive	hands down the best trek film of all time .
positive	there is so much tosee in this , just seeing once isn't enough . i have seen it more times than i care to count , but every now and then i see something i missed before . we all know where the yellow brick road goes , but i wonder about the that red brick road that starts in the circle with it . where does that go ?
positive	cusack is great !
positive	sexystreif wouldn't know her a * * from a hole in the ground . this is perhaps the most inspired , densely-packed comedy ever in film history ! the marx bros are the greatest vaudeville comedy team of all-time , and this was their finest , a pure , all-comedy comedy ! no filler whatsoever ! where do i begin ? how about when they all dress up as groucho in his bedgown ? how about my glass of water ? ok , i give up - how about your glass of water ? what about the mirror scene ? if you didn't enjoy that , you don't know what comedy is ! and the final battle scene is one of the funniest scenes i ever saw ! it's also a great anti-war movie - a farce in the spirit of strangelove and great dictator . hands down , the marx bros are true comic legends , and this movie is why ! one of my all-time greatest movies ever .
positive	this is the most memorable movie i have ever seen !
positive	two wonderful actors ! ! ! with such weak characters at the beginning , they make people you wanna help and support in their adventures .
positive	ralph macchio kicks all kinds of 80's ass . also , mr . miyagi played an integral role in the acceptance of asians in society today .
positive	i love this movie . its funny , helps me cheer up on bad days . david chapelle rocks . it didnt take itself too seriously and is easy to enjoy .
positive	my fair lady . what a great movie . well acted by all and well done . i wish they just would have let audrey hepburn sing her own songs . the only down part of the movie is i can tell someone else is singing for her . otherwise , a terrific movie !
negative	the movie to see of the year , at least , according to the critics who didn't pan this movie . the movie follows around a pervert of a man , his premiscious daughter and her friend that is the same way , his wife in an affair , a racist neighbor and his ditsy wife , this one has no one with any sense of morals anywhere in it ! the film is laced with graphic descriptions of sexual activity , profanity , nudity , drug use , amoral attitdues , and tons of other stuff that shouldn't be in any movie . don't even accept this one for cash--unless you tape something over it like i love lucy , andy griffith show or a movie like gus or emperor's new groove .
positive	this is what a family movie should be-- smart , witty , non-gratuitous , and made for the whole family . great stuff for adults , great stuff for young people . great stuff ! i wish there were a whole lot more movies like the princess bride .
negative	it wasn't even scary , nothing in the movie to me would even classify as a horror movie . the best part of the movie sucked , and that was supposed to be the best scene in the movie .
positive	this movie is truly an incredible piece of art . i can not say this movie was an enjoyable , but it is both unforgetable and haunting . while some people reviewed this talking about the lack of nudity , that is totally not what this movie is about . the acting is incredible , and elly burstyn should have won an oscar for this . also , the music is so important to this movie , especially in creating the mood . this includes the incredibly stunning last ten minutes . this is definetly a director we should be expecting great things from in the future .
positive	my favorite movie of all time . steve martin and john candy made a terrific pair in this movie . i laugh my hind-end off every time i watch it .
negative	not fit to hold wrath of khan's jockstrap . the only reason this movie ( or any of the later movies , especially the old trek / tng crossovers ) succeed is that there is a nation of pasty , maladjusted trekkies out there sustaining that industry from the comfort of their parents' basements . i like trek too , especially because it is such a deeply detailed subject , but these movies are just pander .
positive	this movie is awesome and conner and murphy are fine as hell and the old bartender is the man ! ! ! ! ! and always remember . . . don't cross the road if you can't get out of the kitchen !
negative	yawn . . . i saw this movie when i was eight and it totally bored me to death . . . i almost fell asleep ! however my 2 something year old stepbrother is still terrified that he's gonna get possesed .
positive	this is a classic with one of the best soundtracks of all time . patrick swayze is hot and the dancing is really entertaining . the plot is interesting as well . i carried a watermelon , a line you will never forget .
positive	the more you watch this movie the better it gets . it starts out as a two-star but is elevated with hidden details , visual and audio stimulation , along with a hidden desire to stumble upon a paradise such as this .
positive	one of the few movies from my childhood which i remember with such fondness . everything that happens inside the factory is completely mesmerizing and leaves memories still vivid many years later . teaches some good lessons to children but also delights them with the wonders within the factory . the cast is wonderful .
positive	this movie has it all ! ! ! 3 independant women who not only look hot 24 / 7 they also have the intelligence and ability to back it up , not to mention the fact they can seriously kick ass ! ! ! 10 out of 10 made me proud to be a woman cameron diaz brought new meaning to the robot . absolutely love this movie ! !
positive	this is a very well done sci-fi flick . it has a fascinating premise which is explored well and it has great special effects . it is also a horror movie , however , and has some really upsetting and gruesome scenes .
positive	who can compete with it it's a classic i love it how he was scared of snakes .
positive	awesome movie ! inspires lots of philosophical conversations .
positive	* hahahahaha *
positive	kevin smith's first effort is full of terrific dialogue that is his trademark . the first of a series that includes mallrats , chasing amy , and dogma . for adults only ; watch them all for a movie night !
positive	kevin smith's first and to date best film from his view askewniverse . the film is an incrediblly low budget , black and white breakthrough film the centers on dante , who is called in to work when he is not schedueled , at the local covinenece store . the film takes place over one work day and we join dante in a cross roads of sorts in his life . along the way we meet a list of original and bizarre characters . jay and silent bob make their big screen dabut and have been the only constant in every view askew film . veronica , dante's current squeez who gives more filatio than mos hardened porn starletts . a never ending bombardment of weirdo customers an ranal ( my favorite smith character ever written next to brody ) dante's co-worker at the next door video store . clerk is in my opinion one of the funniestand most honest films ever made . original and funnier than hell . clerks is highly highly highly recommended .
positive	lopez is a great actress . the special effects were amazing . i really got into the story plot .
positive	gene wilder as dr . frankenstien is almost perfect casting . marty feldman did a terrific job as igor . cloris leachman did a wonderful job as the maidservant frau buchler ( did i just hear a horse whinney ? ? ) . this movie was funny when it was first released , and it has aged well . there are literally hundreds of tiny jokes you miss the first time you watch , but catch with each successive showing . defintly five stars ! ! ! ! !
positive	since this movie was billed as a laugh a minute sandler flick , it attracted the wrong audience . but it's actually one of my favorite romantic comedies . i've seen it a bunch of times , and it's really adorable , but most definitly a chick flick .
negative	this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen in my life . i didn't mind the idea of making a modern romeo and juliet , but this movie bombed it badily . who had the stupid idea of using the old language with the modern movie ? nothing from this movie can be saved except to say that it was crap .
positive	simply genious !
positive	drug induced , but good .
positive	sassy , sexy , and provocative film has the best direction of the year , and offers fine performances .
positive	fun for parents and kids .
positive	the beginning of the movie looks like another scary-teen movie , but it's not ! very nice act , and very nice plot .
positive	one of the best black comedies of the progressive director generation of the late 60's early 70's . satirical and sometimes ironic , h m is a great example of a movie made from the 60's generation perspective without being overtly hippie . a young upper class man , harold , living with his cold and preoccupied mother has developed an obsession with death . to elicit an emotional response from his mother ( once seen years earlier when she believed him killed ) he sets up mock suicide attempts of varying complexities . by the time we see his current attempts his mother has become apathetic and even a bit annoyed with his behavior . he spends his free time attending anonymous funerals at which he first meets maude . over the course of the movie we see how a 79 year old free spirit changes the world of this sheltered boy / man .
positive	it's a beautiful movie -- probably not my favourite of the early disney movies , but near the top of the list . the evil queen is one of disney's best villains . the more recent disney creations , churned out at the rate of a couple per year , can't even come close to the beauty and magic of the older ones . children today are being shortchanged .
positive	when i first saw mary poppins i was four years old and loved the songs and the magic . julie andrews is fabulous as the practically perfect eponymous heroine . i am now 21 and still love mary poppins , it is still my favourite film , and any film that can captivate different generations after almost half a century has to be something special . as a child you will love the energy and enthusiasm of the film , it's playful creativity and the way that it brings out the child in each character . as an adult you will appreciate a depth to the story that is rare in children's movies , the redemption of the father figure is truly touching and david tomlinson's performance is incredible . much of the movie is aimed at pleasing all generations . this is the one movie which can truly be called a family picture . there can be no better advert for disney and for children's films than mary poppins . splendid , splendid !
positive	i think that this was good as far as the thrill and suspense . i give this a 5 because i really think that it was action packed . i thought the movie was really worth seeing .
positive	i'm a sucker for zombie movies , and this one is by far the best . real characters , great acting , scary zombies , and a realistic solution to an unreal problem . definitely worth it to rent or buy at any price .
positive	wes craven's scream brought about a much needed horror movie revolution . it was definitely not the typical slasher flick . the characters were unique , especially the movie buff guy . his comments poked fun at horror movies . the combination of gore , sly remarks , and popular actors and actresses made this movie a success .
positive	de niro kicks ass . one of his best roles . he's a complete lunatic nut .
positive	the movie like the books was surprisingly good .
positive	the best thriller to come out in ages . i thought films like this had died out a long time ago . joy ride has proven me wrong . this film had me crouched in my chair and biting my nails through some of the coolest suspence filled moments i have ever experienced . i would go as far as to compare this to hitchcock . a perfect blend of hard edged humor and heart pounding suspence and terror make this one of the best thrillers i have ever seen . a great cast and an original story as well as beautiful directing help to bring this film to full speed life . steve zahn is excellent as usual . paul walker prooves himself to be a fairly good action type and leelee sobeieski makes the most of a underwritten yet believable role . ( anyone else notice her high beams are on in about every damn shot ? ? ? ) a great film that relies on sheer terror rather than a bloody stump . like the great alfred hitchcock once said , i want to torture my audience as much as possible . believe me , you will be tortured in the most wonderful ways imaginable . joy ride deliverse the goods . highly highly recommended !
positive	this movie is about everything - life after death , belief in heaven and hell , the breakdown in the 60s 70s of the american family , the effect of puberty on a child and a parent , loss of faith , christianity's beginnings ( the beginning sequence in the middle east is a wonderful kubrickian omen that evil is coming - like the old traditions of the east are cursing the values of the west ) , what medicine doesn't know about the brain , and perhaps most disturbing , the sexuality of a pubescent . i think that's the one that bothers people the most . i'm stunned that so much taboo went into this movie . it's an amazing movie . it still makes me very uneasy to watch it .
positive	i love this film , it's a classic , it's so funny and dory is the best !
negative	i haven't detested a movie so much in a long time ; while its good at holding your attention , it fails horribly at being the important movie it sets out to be . it winds up being a confused muddle : lives are tedious until you delve into perverse ? there is much to be appreciated in our everyday lives ? which one is it , guys ? by trying to straddle both with characters that are absolute cartoons , it comes across as dishonest and shallow .
positive	i've always thought that all fantasy movies were stupid & a waste of time to watch . but since the lord of the rings i've developed a greater respect & liking toward those type of movies . this last lord of the rings was the best ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it deserved all of the oscars ! go new zealand ! !
positive	this has got to be one of the best war movies of all time . it beats out the patriot by a long shot . this film had all the goods nad presented a realistic re-enactment of the rise and fall of the 54th massachusetts regiment led by col . robert gould shaw . as a lover of history , i knew that i had to see this movie when i first heard about it , and i was not disappointed . the characters were all perfectly developed , and the buildup to the climax was phenominal . not to mention the wonderful acting by the all-star cast which included matthew broderick , denzel washington , morgan freeman , cary elwes , jay o'sanders and others . i enjoyed seeing each of the characters evlve in their own way : espescially that of denzel washington , whose character was so cynical , hateful and spiteful at the beginning but in the end we learned his true feelings of respect for the brave men fighting beside him . glory is a moving , inspirational film which shows that a true patriot is one who defends his country even when it had wronged him . a true patriot is one who tries to fix the wrong . and that is exactly what the men of the 54th massachusetts regiment helped do . a great movie !
positive	too funny , action scenes were off the hook , cannot wait for a part three . i love will smith and martin lawrence . . . bad boys , bad boys , what you gonna do . . . -go see it , it is worth the money . -victrolalights-
positive	e t was one of the best movies ever . the music was great , a great plot line , and the e t effects were excellent . the scenes toward the end while make you want to cry while those toward the beginning are scary . i like the 2002 20th anniversary special edition version better than the original version .
positive	marilyn monroe's best performance
negative	not a star trek fan- never liked it . it's so boring . never liked the plot of it .
positive	another masterpiece in spielberg's massive collection of great titles . e . t . is an 80's icon .
positive	the best horror movie , and one of the best movies of all time . the movie represents a true test of faith , and it illustrates one of the most constant battles in life -- faith vs science .
positive	beast bond . aliza gur was hot but who wouldve won between the two female fighters .
positive	dude , this movie was hilarious ! ! ! i loved it . the laughing demon is great , i do a wonderful imitation . it is definately one of the better low budget films i have ever seen , even if ashley is a sissy girl who screams alot .
positive	words cannot describe how much i love this movie . this is provably my favorite b-movie ever . bruce campbell is my hero . sam raimi is a genius . ok people who watch this movie and are expecting to be scared are to be sorely dissapointed , because this movie is in no way scary . this movie is hilarious . for anyone with a dark sense of humor , you need to see this movie . it is the perfect blend of horror and comedy . the evil dead trilogy is the best trilogy in the history of moviemaking , and army of darkness is the perfect way to end it all . great acting ( you rule bruce ! ) , great one-liners and catch phrases , and and well , an all out great movie . highly highly recomended ! ! !
positive	i enjoyed seeing female actors in strong roles . the movie was a good vehicle for julia roberts to strut her stuff .
positive	an absolutely excellent and surprising movie with screenbreaking vibes between basinger and crowe ! a thrilling story , excellent actors , great music : bravo to the director curtis hanson
positive	james and the giant peach is an extremly well done movie based on the hit children's novel written by roald dahl . it's about a young boy named james , whose parents are eaten by a hippo in the sky , and his 2 evil aunts are left to take care of him . he finds a giant peach , that he goes into , and he makes friends with a group of giant bugs . it may sound , weird but this movie is great .
positive	how can you not like jay and silent bob . the best comedy duo since cheech and chong . reconize
positive	michael moores film fahrenheit 9 / 11 gives his left leaning slant on the bush adminstration and 9 / 11 , just as rush and oreilly and hannity , etc . , give their right leaning slant on those topics every day on the radio and tv . i think moores slant is closer to the truth . there is no doubt in my mind that bush has screwed us up royally . i cannot remember a time in which there was so much animosity toward america around the globe . do you know that the day after 9 / 11 there were candlelight vigils being held in iran in sorrow and respect for our tragedy ? we had the whole world behind us , even after we went into afghanistan , an action that most americans , myself included , felt was justifiable and appropriate . the war in iraq turned all of that good will into hatred . it has alienated former allies . it has divided our nation . it has taken the lives of hundreds of fine american servicemen and women . it has also ruined the lives of thousands of others who have been maimed , both physically and psychologically . it has also taken the lives of thousands of innocent iraqi civilians . the financial cost of the war is tremendous and will certainly have lasting implications for our economy . and what is the big reward for our efforts ? the removal from power of a murderous tyrant whom had already been so marginalized by the gulf war that he posed no real threat to us or our allies . and the iraqi people are so grateful for our intervention on their behalf that they are attempting to kill our soldiers every chance they get . fahrenheit 9 / 11 put a spotlight on certain issues which have been rather puzzling to me , such as , why the delayed and seemingly half-hearted attempt at capturing osama bin laden ? why did we shift our focus from al qaeda , the extremist muslim organization responsible for the 9 / 11 attack , to iraq , a secular state with virtually no ties to bin laden or al qaeda ? moores film might have you believe that the answer to those questions could be big money and power . i dont know that i ascribe to all of the conspiracy theories surrounding the relationships between the bush administration and the saudis , or the role of large american corporations in the rebuilding of iraq and its prized oil reserves , but i can tell you it all looks and smells very bad . if that sounds cynical , let me just remind you of the corrupting role that big money and power played in the recent implosion of our friends at enron . in my opinion , this war has become a national tragedy for which the bush administration must be voted out of office . if mr . moores film helps accomplish this goal , than he is a hero in my estimation .
positive	one of the best movies of recent years . it's not a laugh-out-loud comedy like many on this list , but its hilarious in parts and engaging throughout . a real life look at real guys . in some ways , swingers is like a male version of fried green tomatos or one of those other quintessential chick movies . after all , this is all about how four 20-something guys cope with a friend that's lovesick and depressed . while i know some female viewers get turned off by little flashes of misogyny , the more important message of the movie is about the quirks of male friendship , and how friends rally to help each other in non-obvious ways .
positive	cute and irresistable movie . bruce willis makes it impossible for me not to love his acting . i liked the topic , and was glad i saw it . it was a movie for both kids and adults .
positive	my dream : i wish i was a midieval knight . it was very accurate to king arthur too . also had great actors .
positive	luved it yeah baby ! ! to see kirsten d in a yummy cl uniform wow ! ! that my feinds is film making ! ! the only dumb point was to make it a race issue with 'those black chix' who were always in a sour combative mood , who cares who steals dance moves ? ? ? i went to see kirsten d jump around and wow did she deliver ! ! the other girl was a major cupcake also mmmmmmmmm but her dufus brother playing air gee-tar was lame . -----todd michael wiseman ohio univ college of film cinematography
positive	the film is so great !
positive	i was really looking forward to seeing this movie and my expectations were unmistakingly rewarded . although i would have liked to have seen more races , what lacked in action made up for in cars , wow i saw some amazing machines esspecially the one that paul walker's character drives ( the bright green beauty ) that is eventually destroyed by a very convincing enemy johnny . the plot was a little slow and the ending was not what i hoped , but again vin diesel made up for that . i don't believe the director could have chosen a better king of the road . i'm really looking forward to the sequel .
positive	great , a little creepy and tense . . . .
positive	i love the princess bride and everything about it . the casting was brilliant and i can't imagine anybody playing the parts better than the original cast . cary elwes was great as the somewhat dry , intelligent wesley / dread pirate roberts . robin wright was wonderful as the beautiful if not naive buttercup and all of the supporting actors were amazing . wallace shawn was hilarious as vizzini and he was so mean you just love to hate him . the on set filming gave the movie a sort of charm that can never be captured in a studio . all in all , great film with something for everyone .
positive	nice movie . parents if you took your kids to see this movie in the theaters and they like it chirstmas is coming . or if they haven't seen it , this makes a perfect movie .
positive	this is the loveliest film i've seen in a long time . a poetic testament to what is real in every human heart . kevin spacey is wonderful as always , and chris cooper , who doesn't get enough work in films , is also excellent . keep an eye on wes bentley . this kid is going to be major .
positive	this movie was amzing . that pretty much covers it .
positive	this movie was excellent ! the american president had it all- good plot , great acting and great directing by rob reiner . i origionally thought that michael douglas , given his filmmaking history and playing in movies like fatal attraction , would not be a good choice to play the president- but boy was i wrong . he brought a sense of charm to the film . michael j . fox was great as the paranoid louis rothschild . martin sheen was also great as aj . annette benning and michael douglas have such chemistry together on screen . a great movie !
negative	what was the point of this movie other than to cash in on beatlemania ? no plot , weak soundtrack , and worst of all , john's silliness .
positive	this movie rocked ! tom cruise and remee zellweger are phenomenal , and the theme song , secret garden with the cleverly placed dialouge is awesome !
positive	a great movie to wach .
positive	what's not to like about bette davis chewing up scenery and making joan crawford miserable ? fantastic movie . great performances by all concerned .
positive	awsome movie ! i could watch it a 10000 times and still love it
positive	i need to get hold of a knitting pattern that he had on with reindeer on in his christmas film anyone know where i can obtain one please
negative	oh enough already ! this isn't 1977 anymore . after reading naturallyyou's review i felt like i was in a disco hell time warp . give me a break . . . . you should be dancing , jive talkin . . . . man please ! stereo types and abusing women was fever the producer had in making film for the gutter !
positive	this is probably the first comedy i have seen in theatres this year that was actually worth watching . it was great ! i laughed all the way thru this one . queen latifah is exactly as she is called in this movie . . she is the one and only cocoa goddess . she definately stood out in this movie ! as for steve martin , i never loved him or anything , and he is definately showing his age in this one . but regardless , the movie was hilarious and i can't wait to buy it on dvd .
negative	this has got to be one of the stupidest , most unfunny piece or tripe i have ever seen . grodin and de niro whould have known better than to make a turkey like this one . when i see it scheduled on tv , i find something else to do , so i won't turn on the tv and accidently see this assinine movie . i absolutly hate it .
negative	stupid ! i wish we could give a 0 rating !
negative	could this movie get any worse ?
negative	i thought this movie was so boring it lacked substance and character
positive	appealing to both men and women . has a great cast and was a hollywood success story for matt damon and ben affleck .
positive	excellent actors and a very unusual plot and storyline which keeps you glued to it .
positive	i liked this movie ! john travolta's a god ! i don't exactly know what it was , maybe it was hally barry's tits , cool cars , or the good action but i really liked it .
positive	quentin tarntino is a genius . in his first major hollywood film , he gathers an awesome cast to go along with his vague writing and creative directing .
positive	what an amazing film ! definatly in the top five movies of all time in my book . mel gibson did an amazing job acting and directing . has amazing epic battle seguences and an overwhelmingly inspiring . a story of an orphan boy that was raised byb his uncle . when the horrible king longshanks comes into power he is forced to fight for something he has never had freedom . his will for freedom and his hate for the king drive him towards battle and inspiror his men . a masterpiece of a film full of felt emotion . ( rated r for strong graphic violence , language ; 2 f-bombs , and sexual content including nudity . )
positive	probably the best horror movie ever . a wonderful cast with an added blend of excellent one-liners from jack nicholson . very creepy moments throughout the film include the kitchen of the overlook hotel and the two young female twins who visit the little boy while riding his big wheel down the hallways . very quiet moments throughout the film added to the terror
positive	one of . . . if not carrey's best movie . the plot itself is phenominal . also . . . the best outtakes from any movie ever . if you have not had the pleasure of watching it , i advise you do .
positive	it was sooooooooooooooooo good . jake looked sooooooooooooooooo hot in it ! ! they should have more goth pics of him on the net . i cant find them n / e where
positive	my best friend told me that quills was an amazing movie , but i only thought he said that because it was about sex . however , my boyfriend and i saw it together and were both in tears at the end . a masterful piece , it takes somewhat vulgar bubject matter and transforms it into a powerful story of love , sanity , and censorship . the squeamish should not attend , but others should . the movie speaks for itself .
positive	this movie is another example of a classic comic book excellently transformed into a motion picture blockbuster . featuring classic characters from the comic , it is another good example of a comic cleanly and solidly transformed into a great motion picture . though there are some clear disimilarities ( wolverine is much taller than his comic book character , and rogue is clearly younger than she is as portrayed in the comic ) and many changes have been clearly seen in the movie , it is still consistently a great movie , showing smooth transition from comic book to movie sequence .
negative	l . . . o . . . l ! from now on , the title anaconda can only preceed a porno flick . these movies are terrible .
positive	this was one of the greatest movies ever in my opinion . with the quick action from robbery , gun shooting , great costumes , and it's all star cast , this movie had me on the edge of my seat through the whole movie .
positive	adam is the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	christmas classic . the feel-good movie of the millenium . i dare you not to cry !
negative	this is a terrible film . direction is inept , everyone looks as though they are going through the motions . cameron diaz is the shining light that burns bright in this foul stench of a film . donnot waste your money on this film . unless you like your films with inpenetrable dialogue , risible directing and poor editing . what was bill murray thinking ? ? ? ? ? ?
positive	one of the few movies that i love just as much now as i did when i was kid . when i was younger i was captivated by the candy and the mystery of the chocolate factory . as an adult i love this movie because it is absolutely hilarious , the songs are so nutty and memorable and because gene wilder was absolutely brilliant playing willy wonka . a timeless classic that will be cherished for years to come .
positive	great soundtrack ! great lines ! great cast ! . . . hello can we say matt in the peach pants ! ! ! ! ! !
positive	in years to come people will study this like we do shakespeare . . . god the future will be more fun
positive	a brilliant parody of the early movies , this is brooks at his best .
positive	excellent movie . the thing that got me hooked was the dreaminess of it . the music flowed . the lighting contrasts were genious . the way the mood changed from being dreamy to eery . although strange at times , it depicts perfectly how teenagers can feel at times . sofia coppola's talent really becomes obvious in this dramatic movie . . . you're a stone fox . .
positive	if a horror movie is able install within you an errie persence and surprise you throughout the picture , it has accomplished its main purpose . the exorcist is the prime example of what a good horror movie should be . it also helps that the picutre has a reasonable , or dare i say , good plot and brilliant acting ( which is also emcompassed inside the exorcist ) . the film is mesmorizing all the way through . only few can hold a candle to this great movie classic .
positive	i really enjoyed this movie . it was so funny !
positive	this was such a great movie and one of my alltime favorite movies . james stewart always blows me away and this is chareceter is absoultely amazing . i would never be able to stand on my feet for a whole 48 hours was it ? just to stand up to something he believe in , he was incredible . i wish we had more politicians like mr . smith in our days today !
positive	its a great movie . tom hanks is so believable that you are beginning to think that the script or maybe the original novel was written with him in mind . director robert zemeckis pulled out all stops for crafting a superb film . robin wright was excellent , and so was computer enhanced gary sinise . this movie by the way has more special effects than the final part of star wars trilogy the return of jedi . all thanks to people in lucasart , whose magic is woven seamlessly into the movie . its not just a space opera or fantasy flick . its one of those movies where s / fx are mutating out reality . but anyways , i think forrest gump is a great movie .
negative	why ? why did they make this movie ? what was going on in the filmmakers mind . i feel very sorry for myself for not listening to my friends advice when they warned me about not seeing battlefield earth . this movie sucks . no stars .
positive	i don't know why , but i loved this movie . probably because i loved the blond geeky girls who are actually beautiful . kind of reminded me of myself .
positive	this must be one of the best films tom cruise has ever been in . his character is very realistic and has depth . renee zellweger is very convincing as a young single mother - and the boy who plays her son is outstanding as well . i can't think of a single actor in the film who isn't particularly good - and thats rare . the movie runs along very smoothly and the music matches the tempo of it . it reflects that society now works too hard and often forgets that there are other things in life to think and enjoy . it also points out that in the workplace , you can never really know what people think about you . i love this film , when i want to feel soppy and realise that what i have in life is so amazing ( my partner , our flat , and just about everything ) and i am so lucky .
positive	my favorite ! ! talented actors and actresses . great screenplay ! this is the best movie adaptation of jane austen's works . the other great film adaptation of her work is a e's pride and prejudice .
positive	this film is only for jim carrey . who could play this role charlie / hank except jim ? the hard words were just cute . . . renee zellweger was cute too . irene p . waters was the very different image prepared to that role in jerry maguire . she showed she could even keep up with jim carrey . her charm in this film was enough to attract his instinct . . .
positive	i only saw it in french , which was pretty fun , so i got to make up what they were saying , twas cool . . . oh , and the music was cool too . . . .
positive	nothing comes close in sci-fi movies . classic good vs evil . cant wait for the remaining movies to come out . george is da man . may the force be with you all .
positive	i thought that this movie was excellent . i was able to follow everything that happened . i was a little sad that they didnt use the part with the rat from the book . it was awsome and i will see it again .
positive	roberto benigni was the greatest comic actor of his day ( he makes dopes like adam sandler look like amateurs ) . then he became afflicted with the fatal disease all-too-common among great comedians : the wish to be a 'serious' actor , working in 'serious' movies . too bad . this one is probably his funniest , but 'the monster' is pretty good too .
negative	dude wheres the dumb
positive	i went to see this at the cinema with my friend for my 19th b'day ( my partner was on holiday at the time - sob ! ) and we totally loved it . the best bit were definately the cats - i wasn't too keen on the rest . the main merit for this film is the computer graphics and a few witty lines , but i still think its a fun nonsensical film .
positive	i love this movie .
positive	i love this movie .
negative	i have not seen a film this terrible since i still know what you did last summer . this film is horrid . absolutly terrible . the spoofing makes no sense and it way too fixated on placing sh * t on people . whether it is talking about pooping on someone for sexual plaeasur or actually exploding gallons of fresh sh * t all over people . where does all the sh * t come from ? this was never in the breakfast club or she's all that . i felt like i had flushed my hard earned bucks down the toilet and then had it explode all over me with sh * t . the only true moment of comedy comes with . . . jesus . . . . there are no funny moments . i had to force my laughter each time something was supposed to be comical . what a waste of a good genre to spoof .
positive	i'm a big fan of tolkien . i have read most of his books . even though they changed some things from the book , this movie was amazing . one of the best movies i have ever seen .
positive	instant classic . the film had a great cast ( sean connery and harrison ford ) . the story was very well written . this film will be watched for decades .
positive	it's a kind of ma-gic ! absolutely fab . highlander was one of the only real quality fantasies i've ever seen . with a fantastic soundtrack written by queen ( aka a kind of magic ) and a well-thought plot , i enjoyed the film from beginning to end . i recommend it to everyone , and no , it's not just because of the soundtrack . although the songs one year of love and hammer to fall are two of my favorites . the story of an immortal scotsman , complete with a few cool special effects , gets a five-star automatic . take care , everyone !
positive	i truly can t say anything bad about this movie . its simply wonderful . period . its definitely my favorite disney movie . anyone who bashes this movie has either 1- never seen it , or 2- has no taste whatsoever . a + +
positive	rob and the musical morons are very funny . well scripted , brilliant performance by cusack , and a good soundtrack . clever and witty .
positive	the english patient is a superb movie . ralph fiennes is a great actor . the entire cast is great . even though the movie is long , the love story is worth it .
negative	a good sci-fi movie . i grow tired of people constantly focusing on the sex scene & forgetting about how badly the main characters treated their children . the sex scene was very sloppy & hallie looked drugged up in ecstasy which is something i never expected her look like . this woman harbours such tremendous hypocrisy when she states hollywood is racist when she turns around & protrays some poor needy black woman who is willing to sleep with a racist . my god where is the bottom & i am glad her mom is white .
positive	i was surprised that i liked this one as much as i did . each fish had it's own unique personality as well as their own dysfunctions . it was a kids' movie but it wasn't sugary sweet .
positive	a great movie ! i thought the whole cast was great . it is listed as a drama , but it had a number of hillarious scenes in the movie . i espcially loved the scene with shelby's wedding and the red velvet cake shaped like an amarillo . and it is not just a movie for chicks ! this movie will make you laugh and cry , just a really good movie .
positive	this is one of those movies that comes along once in a while and hits the nail on the head and creates a genre . sometimes a low budget flick with a no-name cast does it--this is one of those . it is not as violent as advertised and does have some sterotypes , i . e . crazed southern inbred backwoods family . but put your skepticism aside and revel in the horror and suspense of the effort .
positive	my 2nd favorite movie of all time . a must see movie ? -scarface
positive	jim carrey is impressive in this hilarious movie . nice to see carrey do something more than just physical comedy . it had all the elements of a great movie .
positive	i've never seen another movie quite like this one . it keeps you guessing the whole time and just when you think you've got it figured out everything changes . by far the best ending ever .
positive	richly deserving its accolades . i would venture to say clint deserved the best actor oscar , but he did get best director . though it looks like a boxing movie , it is so much more than that . you need to see it . i'd put it in my all-time top-10 and probably the best picture since forest gump .
negative	three words describe this movie to me - dull , dull , dull . and it was saying a lot for me to get this impression because i first saw it when i still enjoyed westerns and still didn t have a clue as to how little this folklore had to do with reality . and i especially enjoyed the ones that had a love story going on . however , i just could not take the practically comatose subtlety of gary cooper s low-key acting style . he not only put me to sleep but he also looked more like ice princess grace kelley s father than her hubby . unfortunately , unlike the western genre , this denial of masculine age and the pairing of old dudes with young chicks still persists in hollywood . and , it still seems like exactly what it is a pathetic attempt to make the man feel and look younger . oh , and by the way - it still doesn t work .
negative	kirsten dunst , your 15 minutes are just about up . . .
positive	wow , i didn't think this movie would be on the list . on my obscure but cool list , i had to watch that movie three times ( thank god for cable tv ) at age eleven before i understood what the hell was going on . john lithgow was outstanding , especially the way he would say john bigbooty with that crazy accent .
negative	don't watch this movie !
positive	one of hitchcock's most influential and perspective altering movies ; truly showed the emotional power of the moving image
positive	i believe if eveyone saw this movie , the country would be a better place . this movie truly made me think ! everyone should see this movie !
negative	i know garfield and this isn't it . it's just a boring , generic , anaemic kids movie . garfield looks like c * * * , most of the acting is poor ( especially jennifer love hewitt , who acts so forced ) and the plot is not true to the comic . for example , garfield hates odie . he doesn't become friends with him like he does here . liz also hates jon . any date they went on in the comic strip was a disaster . here , they like each other . the only acceptable performance is from bill murray as garfield . the villain is generic kiddy c * * * i've seen a thousand times over , and is acted out as such . the rescue is both unoriginal and unexciting . the rest of the animals are just normal animals , which looks kind of cheap and they are only related to the comic by name ( for example , arlene doesn't appear to be garfield's girlfriend ) . in conclusion , if you're a garfield fan , don't see this . garfield : the movie could have been interesting to watch , but it just isn't . i like the comic . i hate this movie . 1 / 5 stars - you've been warned
positive	this movie has made film noir hip again , plus it has a cleverly woven storyline . guy pierce shines in this film ! !
positive	ok , so it is a little bit cheesy , but , it is a well told story and has quite a few surprizes ! the concept is quite different and some of the scenes are a bit disturbing . i have never seen a movie quite like it and it resides in my top 25 movies of all time .
positive	this is one of the only two movies that have ever really frightened me . i saw this in second grade it genuenly took my nerves to the breaking point . i finally got up the nerve to see it again in sixth grade and realized this is one of the better haunted house stories ever put to film . written and produced by steven speilberg and directed by the master of the macabre tobe hooper the genius behind the texas chainsaw massacre . this film is not just about fright but about family as well . it is as heart warming and funny as it is scary . i highky recommend this film .
positive	this is a movie that any true and dedicated movie fan should watch . it is one of the finest movies in terms of character and story ever put on screen . superb performances by al pacino , james caan , marlon brando , robert duval , john cazale and more . the movie is dark , gritty and violent the way it should be . it just isn't about the mafia , it's about a family . the godfather and the godfather part ii is recommended to anyone who likes to watch great art .
negative	i thought this movie was a waste of time . the acting was ok , but the story line was was ridiculous . what was w / the singing ? i don't think i could have stood another minute of tom cruise singing . his caracter was incredibly annoying . i can't picture tom as a womanizer .
positive	the best of the trilogy for sure ! really well made . . . schwartzy is always cool
negative	yo matt likes this move so it must suck ! ! ! ! ! !
negative	this was not a horror movie . i got so bored i couldn't finish watching it . blah .
positive	like i said b4 sandler and berrymore make a great comedy movie . . . with adams good singing in this movie it made it too good to be true !
positive	great movie ! i felt like they were right next to me . it has an amazing cast including jenna elfman , dave foley , all of the simpsons , woody allen , and sharon stone . great movie !
positive	i havent seen this since i was a kid , but at that time it was the scariest thing i ever saw .
positive	monsters , inc . was a great movie . i saw it at least three times ! i would recommend this movie to everyone .
positive	charlie's angels 2 is a great movie . it's perfect for everybody . it has a little bit of everything- action , romance , suspense , drama , comedy ( cameron diaz is hilarious ! ) and lots of skin for the guys . go see it .
positive	very funny , i saw it in the movies and adam sandler is a pothead .
positive	cary grant is so funny in his acting expressions . those old ladies had tears falling .
positive	i'm giving about a boy five stars simply because watching it was such an enjoyable experience . the movie is about a swinging bachelor ( played by hugh grant ) who becomes involved in a young boy's life and , as a result , learns to see life in a different way . the movie was sweet without being saccharine , and it was filled with funny scenes . hugh grant , an actor i usually avoid , was outstanding in his role . in fact , he and nicholas hoult ( who played the young boy ) made the movie . if you're in the mood for a nice story , some good humor , and excellent acting , check out about a boy .
positive	suprisingly funny movie !
positive	well , i saw all of it except the last 15 minutes of it because they called us out because a tornado was heading our way . needless to say , what i saw of it , it was very good . the graphics are incredible .
negative	i fell asleep halfway through this crap . it and the exorcist are the 2 least scary movies i have seen .
positive	how can you not like this masterpiece ? i have seen it dozens of times . i never get bored of it . if you haven't seen this epic , i advise you do . brilliant ! ! !
negative	i will say this once . . i hate helen hunt !
positive	the bourne supremacy was my favorite movie of 2004 . the bourne identity was a great movie , and there was a lot of hype for the bourne supremacy , and i think the sequel lived up to and probably even surpassed the first . i'm already looking forward to the bourne ultimatum which is scheduled to be made in the next few years .
positive	i think it was a really clever action movie ( compared to xxx , which was good but not clever : ) the only funny part was the bike chase scene , a bit average , but overall a fantastic movie . i highly enjoyed it !
positive	this movie is kick ass ! it has everything . it has a great story , great directing , great acting , great action , great dialogue . its a wonderfully made epic movie . definately one of the best movies of 2000 !
negative	is 'superbabies : baby geniuses 2' stupid ? yes ! perhaps the stupidest film to come out in a long time , the idiots who gave the go to make a sequel out of the originally lame 'baby genuises' ought to be tarred and feathered for wasting millions of dollars on such worthlessness . this movie , like its predecessor , has no humor- nor does it have any real meaning to it . this movie , in short , is a disgrace almost as bad as the total failure of moviedom from years back : 'the jerky boys movie' . perhaps the only positive thing about this movie is that it can't possibly be as bad as 'the jerky boys movie' . but it comes fairly close .
positive	this movie was very good because it was like a mystery . it made you want to watch it over and over again . great acting .
negative	uninteresting , unfunny , and unwatchable movie .
positive	i love these movies . gibson and glover are perfectly paired . alot of action with a little humor makes them fun to watch
positive	probably the most intelligent flick out this summer . some funny lines , an old fashioned grown up version of lethal weapon
positive	zombies that actually moved ! creative , great shots of the game , very unique and original .
negative	adam sandler really goes over the top , sending a message to the audience of careless child care . it runs really slow at times .
positive	this film is amazing . how can you go wrong with hepburn and stewart ? !
negative	most overrated movie of all time . it's not just that it's not scary , but it's not a good movie .
positive	the best horror series ever made !
positive	my friend and fellow reviewer , the marquis ( who loved this movie so much he borrowed the name ) asked me to go along with him to see this movie . i hadn't heard much of it except for it's sexual brutality . needless to say within 5 minutes i was totally engrossed in the film . take a brilliant performance by geoffrey rush , add in michael caine and along with a great story ( although fictionalized somewhat ) and you've got an oscar-deserving movie . the review by the marquis was a bit harsh on the joaquin phoenix , but accent aside he also puts on a great performance-not quite the caliber of rush and caine but everyone needs to start somewhere . this film is not for everyone but if you want to laugh and yet be shocked by the way this movie displays hypocrisy then go and enjoy this film .
positive	i think the reason i love the movie so much is because of the characters in the movie . they are all so beautifully written , and you really feel like you get to know each of the principal characters in the movie . scarlett in my opinion is one the most complex characters ever written . she starts out as a silly teenager who only cares about herself , boys and parties , ( like most teenage girls ) . then because of the tragedies and hardships she has to grow up and become this very mature woman capable of taking care of not only herself , but her entire family . the acting in this movie is perfect , each actor / actress really embrasses their character . vivian leigh especially . in my own opinion this is by far the best ensemble cast of any movie .
positive	sir , you have 19 . . . . . . . . . hit me , i like to live dangerously . . . . 21 . . . . . . . . . i'll stay . . . . . . . . sir you have 5 . . . . . . . . i also like to live dangerously
negative	this was the lamest imax movie i have every seen . it is in 3d , so you must wear these big glasses on your head that hundreds of people before you have sweated in .
positive	an all time classic emotional roller coaster !
positive	the enduring classic tale of the cute little elephant who grows up in the circus , is ridiculed for his huge ears , then learns to fly . the product ( even in wartime ) of a seemingly more innocent age , it's lost none of its charm , should continue to delight generations to come . the baby mine sequence , when dumbo's mother gently cradles him through the bars of the cage in which she's imprisoned , must surely bring a lump to the throat of the most hardened cynic . for me , the most endearing , lovely jewel in the disney crown .
positive	wallace and gromit are , without a doubt , the two most charming , lovable , heart-warming and sweet-natured characters to ever grace both television and the silver screen . " the curse of the were-rabbit " is outrageously funny and quite simply , hilarious without being insulting . nick park is a genius ; this movie is a labor of love and the best one i have ever seen . w & g are not just for kids . some of the adults who are head over heels in love with this dynamic duo are the most worldly , sophisticated , accomplished and even cynical people i know . wallace's big , goofy grin and gromit's deep , soul eyes have captured hearts from all age groups and all walks of life . i'd give it six stars it they were available ! : )
positive	unless you're a waiting for guffman fan or a spinal tap fan ( both is even better ) , or at least seen these two films , i honestly don't believe you should see best in show . the incredible christopher guest is amazing in all three , and the fact that for guffman and this they only had about 10 pages of script is phenomenal . the improvisational skills of this cast is unbelieveable .
negative	when i watched this so called halloween ilm i was thinking to my self where in the name of god is michael myeres this movie had a verry stupid plot to it to an irish maniac wants to kill kids i mean come you are way better of watching the first two then watching this really stupid crap that is soooooooo anoying .
positive	this was a moving and heartwarming story about brotherhood , family , loyalty and love . i enjoyed watching it , and it made me want to go home and give my parents a big hug .
negative	hopeless ! this movie you would think is going to be great because of harrison ford , but it is a shocker that just drags on and on . i walked out of this movie , and i've never walked out of a movie in my life . it has a good idea , but it doesn't reach a climax or leave you on the edge of your seat . a hopeless , slow movie that isn't worth watching even if someone paid you . avoid at all costs ! !
positive	i really like jaws because i like when the shark eats people up . i feel that the people are really stupid and don't think .
positive	never seen anything like it ! sir robin ran away away ! did not !
positive	the prototypical horror film . it has it all- bone chilling music , a dark , spooky atmosphere , a good plot , and the scariest guy to ever put on a captain kirk mask in michael myers . his stealth , silence , and creative ways he caught his victims made halloween the most suspensefu ; and scary movie to date .
positive	you need to watch the directors cut to understand this brilliant film . the dream scene with the unicorn is so important , and the i , ve seen things you people wouldn , t believe speach so beautiful . a truly wonderful film brilliantly directed .
positive	one of my favorite movies . truly romantic in the larger sense of the word . beautifully written , filmed and directed .
positive	awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i watch it every weekend . it never gets old . the cars are awesome , the music is awesome , and one more thing you cool man ( like how ) ok
positive	simply wonderful , gets better every decade !
positive	too funny to talk about . just watch it .
negative	i so wish there was a rating below one star . my kind husband brought this movie home to me after i mentioned i would like to see it . i was looking forward to snuggling in early and watching some of my favorite actors and actresses . i was also looking forward to laughing a great deal . suffice it to say the movie was a complete joke , one that was not funny in the least , however . i have no idea who talked these skilled actors into participating in this movie , but they should have given their salaries back to pay the production company to burn the film . it's not worth renting , trust me .
positive	a great , great sci-fi movie . how cool was schwarzenegger as the unstoppable killer robot from the future ? i remember reading somewhere that arnold was offered the role of either the hero or the villan in this movie , and , against the advice of his friends and managers , he decided to be the villan . turns out it was the smartest move he could have made . schwarzenegger's acting is so terrible that he plays a semi-human robot to perfection .
negative	i'm not sure why , but all the next generation movies just sucked . i liked every one of the old movies , and star trek : next generation was cool , the generations movie was good , but starting with first contact and voyager , star trek just started to suck .
negative	whis is the most stupidest movie ever the things are so fake freddy krueger oew makes me want to hurl the movies nasty and terrible who could watch such a devil movie
positive	everyone should own a copy of this movie . i have seen jaws 143 times , so far . the music is awesome . love this movie , hate the beach .
negative	early on , i realized that the title , among so many other things about this movie , was meant to be sarcastic . it's obvious from the opening scene that there is not going to be anything even remotely related to the word beauty involved . in fact , had its creators been looking for a more descriptive straightforward title they could easily have come up with the ugly american . after the initial shot of ugly , my brain , conditioned for such occasions long ago in the 60's and 70's , starts telling me that i will now have to switch into the late 90's , hip , nihilistic , black comedy mode . then i remember , whoops ! i think my warranty on this mode ran out sometime during the 80's ! the result is that now , when i'm faced with this brand of tripe i find it harder and harder to forgive the movie makers for several things . number one , i can't forgive them for insulting my intelligence crud is crud even when it wins three or more oscars . number two ; i can't forgive them for taking my money in exchange for this crud even if i did wait to see it at a cheap seats theater . number three - and this is the big one - i cannot forgive them for their basic statement that because they have found yet another artistic witty , and original way to present crud and , in the process , also managed to convince a panel of lost souls that they deserved national recognition for it , that we should all grow up and thank our lucky stars that these forward thinking artists have given us something with which to be entertained , educated and dog-gone-it , perhaps shed yet another layer of that pesky morality thing that seems to keep popping up as it continues to die . in other words , if you're really with the times you will genuflect to the golden statue as you swallow this crud regardless of the fact that it stinks on ice . pardon me while i get my gag reflexes under control . unable to ever switch into the proper mode , it was easy for me to see the direction and ultimate destination of american beauty . it starts out ugly , moves quickly into even uglier and ends with a violent , crashing , ugly grand finale which makes war of the roses ( michael douglas , kathleen turner ) seem like a little , domestic squabble . since viewers are treated to generous portions of perversion , violence , psychotic behavior , irritating teenage angst , pathetic mid-life crises , and a three-layer selection of dysfunctional families , there is a little ugliness for every age group and personal taste ( or distaste ) . add to this the fact that not one character in the entire film has even one redeeming characteristic or the ability to elicit the slightest bit of sympathy and you have yet another great reason to not go to the movie theater .
negative	t3 was a joke . did they writers even watch the first two movies ? ? they butchered the storyline , and ruined the trilogy . the previous movies were serious , with some comedy . . . this was a comedy with bad graphics . graphics are suppose to make things look more real , not totally abstract . ( see t2 idiots ) i think t2 graphics were much better . . . . and the sound . . . . bad sound . . . . what happened to no fate but what we make . . . . the future isn't written ? ? ? ? then why the hell does j conner have a solemate . what a joke . this isn't another stupid chosen one movie , where the he is destined to glory , he just happens to be the one who saves the day in the end . he isn't a jesus figure . . . . writters took stuff from the matrix storyline and thrusted it into a much more complex story . t1 and t2 had a story , a good story , with significant action scenes and a plot . yes , plot . the amount of crap that was shoved into t3 complicated the movie , i don't even know exactly what happened . people don't need none stop action , t2 fans liked the story , not just effects . and , the effects were actually good , not a joke . i still don't know how skynet was built despite the work of dyson in short , t3 was a comedy , with no story , no acting , no sound , and no legitimate connection to the previous movies . i have so much respect for james cameron that i never knew .
positive	fantastic film ! an absolute must see movie ! this film is very heavily into symbolic imagery . speaking about his film , the director referred to it by saying that some directors share an lsd trip that they share with the audience but this film is an lsd pill that let's each viewer have their own unique trip !
positive	good documentary with the real shane , love the pogues , opened my eyes a little , he was crazier than i thought . . got to be a 5 . . . . . . . . . .
positive	the very first movie i saw in a theater . still great . light hearted , good hearted , moving , spectacular entertainment . quite funny in spots . to bad chris reeve is dead . that sucks .
positive	this is a throwback to the 50s and 60s . one can almost imagine humphrey bogart in this . bryan singer did an excellant job with this movie . one of my all time favorites this should have taken the oscar for best picture . twisting and turning constantly this is a movie that gets better with repeated viewings .
positive	outstanding film . it gives an amazing portrayal of war and tom hanks deserves an oscar for it . it's about time wwii veterans were remembered in an incredible film like this .
positive	the most powerful giant monster movie of all time .
positive	great film , really creepy and scary .
positive	babs is good all of the time . she is a perfectionist and it shows . always , always delivers a fabulous performance . there are few like her . i miss seeing her .
positive	john belushi and dan ackroyd star as ex-felons on a mission from god to raise money to save an orphanage . they set out to gather the members of their ( musical ) band and throw a concert to raise the money . with musical cameos by aretha franklin , stevie wonder and others , a comparable movie would be impossible to make today . any fan of blues music needs to watch this movie .
negative	how anyone could give this more than two stars is beyond me . starring the only actor less funny and talented than adam sandler .
negative	i want 90 minutes of my life back . . .
positive	out of all the jim carrey movies i've seen , this is the best ! it's so real . . .
positive	now this is comedy ! !
negative	could that movie have been just a little longer ? i wasn't bored quite long enough .
negative	bad movie . honestly the only person in this film , no , movie who was believable or likable for that matter was francis mcdormand . what do you expect ? she steals every movie shes in . not for one second did i believethese guys were rock stars . this is an extrememly watered down pasturized version of rock and roll so it can reach a broader audience and not offend anyone . there is nothing rock and roll about this film . you do hear elton john , but we all know that doesnt count . i changed my rating from a two to a one because the hype for this terrible movie makes me ill .
positive	speed is the greatest movie because keanu reeves is the star . sandra bullock is good to except when she kisses keanu . anyway , i loved this movie because of the buildup of tension and excitement . i also like how the villan dies at the end . blood , guts , decapitation and more blood ; makes a great movie in my book . oh , and the bus rescue / blow up scene was the best . lots of action , but the love bit between keanu and sandra was a bit much .
positive	this has to be one of my favorite movie .
positive	very funny , lemmon , curtis and monroe is superb form . monroe is beautiful and ditzy , lemmon is hysterical as daphne with curtis as josephine ! brilliant writing and direction combine beautifully to make this a comedy classic .
positive	mel gibson puts on an inspiring performance as william wallace . the battle scenes in this movie are the most amazing scenes ever . inspiring speeches and acts of selflessness highlight the overriding theme of freedom .
positive	still the best of all the terminators . yeah the effects look really dated but they are still effective and arnold is an awesome special effect all by himself . the story moves along better than the other two and unlike in t2 there is no heavy handed message bogging the movie down .
positive	one of the best bill murray is a good actor and harold ramis is a good director
positive	c'mon . . . who wouldn't love to explore a world made of candy ?
negative	i hate this movie . can someone say boring ? this is the most boring movie i ever watched . i got a fat headache from the camera's movements . talk about a waste of seven bucks .
negative	brittany murphy sucks .
positive	i want my $ 2 !
positive	it's been rather difficult of late doing without any bruce willis die hard movies . realizing of course how john mcclain is pretty much worn out . . . ca-poots-kah . . ! but who can blame the dude , after all those disgusting messes those grueber dudes put him through . ya know what i'm sayin ? those guys had john climbin up elevator shafts and shootin at him then blowin things up all around john . . . and terrible stuff like that . oh well , thanks for the memorys john mcclain you were a shining example of courage in the nypd . . . fer sure dude . perhaps now that john's pretty much exhausted his role as super ny cop . . . well , maybe john can get on as a rent a cop with some late night warehouse in the east side of ny . best movies ever ; those die hard series . yep , no doubt about it . . . fer sure . john was the best .
negative	three words ( plus an article ) : crude , rude and lewd .
positive	not mean to be a documentary , the pianist follows the story of a warsaw survivor . excellent , excellent , excellent . brody works magic on the screen .
positive	i have long been a fan of monty python , and currently own all of their feature films and several episodes of the old tv show . life of brian was amazingly scripted , with just enough biblical references to make it seem historical , yet blasphemous enough to be funny and incredibly insulting to religious people .
positive	i would recommend this movie during halloween . this movie , when it first arrived at the theaters , frightened me , because this was considered to be the future .
negative	heh , amazing . . . ly stupid . dont see this movie . you watch it for an hour and a half uninterested and you see the ending and want to commit suicide becuase it doesnt make any sense at all . dont see this movie .
positive	another great movie . i really like these kind of movies , the mafioso movies . i like how they showed very little detail of his life , how he became one of the goodfellas , and how he got out . plus , it's a real story .
negative	this movie was a waste of $ 8 . 25 2 hours .
positive	an excellent drama about the notorious female serial killer aileen wuonos . charlize theron did an excellent jon as the evil female serial killer and christina ricci did another excellent job as wuonos's lesbian lover . wuonos killed seven men in florida in 1990 and she rightfully got the death penalty . she was executed in 2002 .
positive	irvin welsh is so crazy . he wrote trainspotting and other crazy books . he has a lot of great short stories . trainspotting makes more and more sense the more you watch it . it is a crazy weird movie though .
negative	i couldn't stand watching this one , my girlfriend and i turned it off after a half hour . i didn't find it clever at all . if i want to watch a film about crooks , i'll watch goodfellas , casino , usual suspects , reservior dogs , etc . this one falls flat on it's face .
positive	most movies tom hanks is in are great . this was outstanding . possibly not so much for his acting , per se , but the reality of the movie . it pretty much showed what would happen if someone was stranded on a deserted island . gilligan's island it wasn't . i enjoyed the movie and the realism portrayed . i can also see how even a volley ball could become one's best friend in such a situation . ( i'll bet the wilson company paid a lot for that one , eh ? not quite as much as fed ex did though )
positive	all conspiracy flicks have to give stylish , plausible , unexpected answers to forgotten everyday paradoxes and mysteries . men in black did all that and a bag of chips . funny , smart , perfectly cast , even touching ( though a bit icky-gross ) , this is more of a comedy of buddy cops than a star-trek type of sci-fi flick . i laughed so hard an alien came out of my chest .
positive	i like orlando oops i forgot his last name he plays leggouses don't know how to spell that thogh
positive	fantastic movie ! ! ! ! the storyline is very simple and is very lifelike ! it is about a boy that questions life . it is an honest portrayal of a young boy ! it makes you think ! one of the best movies i have seen in a long time !
positive	can you say excellent ? this movie was so hilarious . a definate classic in the arena of comedy movies . jason lee and shannen doughtery were wonderful in this movie . kevin smith is just totally awesome .
positive	wonderful movie ! gives a very good insight about indians living abroad and of course all in a very comic way . not boring at all . hope to see more such movies in future .
positive	the best evil dead to date
positive	it's hard not to think of russell crowe's holier than thou attitude but he really shined in this movie . it almost rates up there with ben hur as a period flick but that chariot race can never be beat .
positive	one of 5 movies i could watch everyday and still laugh . lots of dialogue that we used when we were in high school . funny just because of its dialogue , sexual innuendos for people who just love the perverted comedy . mike myers is just great all around .
positive	this would have to be my favourate star trek tng movies . the music , especially when picard was entering into the nexus was beautiful , and i would love to go into this nexus where all my desires were fulfilled ! that movie reminded me of heaven ( the nexus ) a bit . plus the story line was good . the meeting between picard and kirk was interesting . at least kirk could defeat soren which was good !
negative	don't even bother watching this piece of crap . watch the trailer instead it reveals the entire plot . you'll save a couple hours of your life .
positive	shrek is a great movie . it will have you laughing till you cry . eddie murphy as donkey is hilarious ! ! ! he does a great job ! ! !
negative	oh my god . this piece of crud was the most overhyped and overated thing i ever seen . renee zellwegger needs to leave the singing business . the music score was terrible . catherine zeta jones can not dance or sing at all . she needs to stick to speaking roles . as for queen latifah , she was well in her role , but she's the only good thing that happened to this movie . seriously , none of the characters are likable . roxie heart is as pretty as a donkey's vas deferens and as talented at singing as a screeching bat .
positive	one of my favorite movies . glory is the story of robert gould shaw - the white commander of one of the first battallions of black soldiers in the civil war . the book which the movie was based upon was written by piecing together letters which shaw sent back to his new england family - and which are still on display in a boston museum . the acting is superb - morgan freeman , denzel washington , matthew broderick , the story is compelling ( and true ) , and the drama is intense . if you have not seen this movie , brace yourself - it is sad and powerful and deep and historical .
positive	incredibly funny movie , with a spectrum of humor from lowbrow slapstick to witty parody . the i speak jive , i like my coffee black like my men , kareem abdul jabbar , and the crazy dude in the control tower are just a few of many gems of priceless comedy . for continuous laughs , few movies trump airplane .
positive	this is the scariest movie , chucky is the scariest actor . i can't believe it . there should have been more stuff than there is .
positive	great movie , a must see .
positive	great flick . strong character development , good plot and excellent acting .
positive	a great movie to watch . although the 2nd was a bigger hit , i still think this movie set a very good stage .
positive	in this very well written and acted movie , you get emotionally drawn into the script . each moment of horror has meaning other than just for increasing the body count . the movie has enough twists and turns to keep you entertained , and just when you think you have it figured out , there's more than meets the eye . . . literally .
positive	the birds is an extremly chilling and scary movie that stars supermodel of the 60's , tippi hedren . the film is pretty bloody for it's time , and it is pretty graphic , but i would want my kids to see it , because i want them to get used to watching these good movies .
positive	why isn't there a 100000 in this ratinnnnggg ? ? ? ? ? ! ! !
negative	that movie was so boring ! there was only one scary part in the whole film . the part when the alien thingy walked out from behind the bushes . i laughed at most of it like the part where they had tin foil on their heads .
positive	a classic . the use of colors is especially inspired . a more warped and decadent view of society is hard to come by .
positive	ok , i admit it , i'm a sap . i loved this movie . definitely one of my favorites . for those of you who prefer garbage like closer - go for it ! however , i think this movie is closer to reality than that piece of trash . this was a true love story and what true love is all about . we can learn a lot from the love shared by noah and allie . i don't understand why people find depressing , gross movies so interesting and stimulating while dissing a beautiful , positive movie like this one . perhaps it is the fate of humanity to wallow in sludge . me ? i prefer to roll in beauty , and this movie is beautiful . well-scripted , well-acted - james garner was superb and ryan gosling was hot ! rachel mcadams came out of nowhere and i hope to see her in more movies in the future . a lovely cast and a story that leaves you feeling like there is hope for the human race , where's the downside ? for those of you who think this is too pat , they indicate that it wasn't a perfect marriage , but it took work and commitment . i have been married for 26 years to the love of my life and not only am i glad i hung in there with us , but i can't imagine my world without him . no , it wasn't easy and we almost divorced twice , but we hung in there and worked hard . like noah and allie , i hope not to have to face life without the love of my life . this movie was not about fantasy - it was about hope and commitment and the joy one can have in marriage when two work hard and love much . a stunning movie ! i haven't yet met a person in real life who hasn't liked this movie ( my husband was annoyed that it made him cry , but other than that , it's been a 100 % hit ) . i also loved the interweaving of their young love story with the end of their lives love story . what a wonderful , positive movie . i agree with winter spirit to beware of the love scenes . while i disagree it was a good portion of the film , it's not a good idea to let young children watch this movie . probably should have been rated r . but , for once , i didn't think it was gratuitous sex as in most movies ( see closer ) , it was the culmination and outward manifestation of the tremendous love shared by these two characters . i prefer to believe that humanity is capable of positive love and happy marriages . learn from this movie how to do it ! beware : bring your hankies : )
positive	a great contemporary film . well-written , acted , and directed .
negative	horrid and painful remake of the classic 1950's horror flick . not even worth reviewing .
positive	i love the seagulls . mine , mine , mine ! ! ! lol
positive	lol second best movie of jim carrey hahahaha
negative	one word terrible . first , i don't much care for most snipes flicks . they tend to all be about the same , and always predictable , and he always plays the same character . there are a few that are ok , but this isn't one of them . the special effects were bad , and one could tell that the budget was all spent on snipes because the cars that blew up were always old cars off by themselves where the shots were easy to control . avoid this film if you can .
positive	brad pitt and edward norton shine in this cutting edge drama . the whole movie is thrilling and humerous . i was on the edge of my seat ( couch ) the whole entire movie . wow ! ! ! one of my favorite films of all time . no doubt about it .
positive	i love the way she looks in this movie . i only wish that i had an interesting life like hers .
negative	this movie isn't funny , not a bad movie for the period , not funny though !
negative	total waste of money ! her only good movie was chicago , and i didnt even like that movie b / c of her !
positive	great 3-d movie filled with symbolism and intrigue not normally found in an imax film . wonderful experience .
positive	great movie , i liked how they incorporated christian concepts into the movie with out preaching .
negative	crapola . a shameless rip off of duel , the hitcher and just about every other manipulative horror flick of the '90s ( even though this came out in 2001 ) . roger ebert gave it four stars . was he on crack ?
positive	great film with a great cast . an extremely stark and realistic view on crime . harvey keitel , michael madsen and tim roth are awesome ! very original story and format . tarantino is a genius .
positive	this is one of the most amazing movies of our ( some of our ) childhoods ! it show a beautiful portrayal of four innocent boys . the acting is outstanding for these children . they were all around the age of twelve . they all had the lines memorized . this is a feel good movie that sure will get to you in that good way . you feel good for watching it . i just wish movies these days could have such substance . oh well .
negative	one of the sleazest movies i have seen . i kept waiting for something good to happen . i found myself being very disappointed . this movie about a guy who gets into pornography one of the crummiest movies i have seen .
positive	like i've been saying since i saw it , this is the second best movie i've seen all year -- teetering on being the first . funny from start to finish , and i literally had goosebumps at how cool ( action-wise ) this movie was . great buddy action-comedy , and dare i say it beat rush hour at the genre rush hour helped to create and make popular ? i really hope this one helps to launch the rock's career as an action star and people start to take him seriously because of the role . he did a superb job , yet people laugh and can't believe it when i say it if they haven't seen the movie .
positive	i have just been to see miss congeniality and i was surprised at the amount of people that came to see the show , i personnely found it funny and it was great to see some old faces in the movie . michael cain and others . i also liked the fact that if you brought your children they would enjoy it too and they would find some of the parts really funny .
positive	eddie murphy ! what more is there to say ? ?
positive	i think toy story was really well done and silly . when i went to see the sequel in the theater , there wasn't one little kid in the audience . nope , it was all teenagers !
positive	wonderful thought provoking film and [ thankfully ] no-one being blown up , chased . . . . not much action but much emotion
positive	this was a spectactular movie and the cast was amazing . even though it is over three hours long , i couldn't stop watching it . it has such a magical tone to it . and the music is almost eerie . the cast gave an unbelievable performance . doug hutchinson was amazing as percy , the little a * * hole , and by the end of the movie you just had the urge to strangle him . tom hanks , as always , gives an astounding performance as paul edgecombe . bonnie hunt was very good , too , as paul's wife . david morse was great and i give him two thumbs up for pushing percy around and nearly beating the crap out of him . sam rockwell was so hilarious as wild bill . barry pepper as the young gaurd on e block . michael jeter as the inmate who befriends a mouse . and , of course , michael clarke duncan as john coffey , accused of murder , but can give life with the touch of his hands . i loved this movie . the good and the evil in these men of e block was brought out in a marvelous way . if you loved the movie , read the book .
positive	this was an incredible film . i-max in general produces many of the best film releases . this is a perfect movie for any jordan fanatic as well as any sports fans . the camera angles provide a great format to view michael jordans unimitatable moves .
positive	another stanley kubrick masterwork . i could watch it every week and never get tired of it . the overlook hotel is the most menacing horror film set--no question .
positive	enjoyed it so much i bought the dvd . it's a keeper .
positive	this is the film to watch in a dark movie house , it scared the hell out of me . . . if this does'nt scare you nothing will !
positive	it's probably one of the only musicals i actually like . it stars johnny depp as a very angry self-confessed juvenile delinquent with his friends milton , wanda , and milton's girlfriend hatchet-face . then they befriend an uptight prudish girl named allison vernon williams ( amy locane ) . their lifestyles collide and lots of hysteria and chaos unravels .
positive	great movie ! ! !
positive	great movie ! ! !
negative	sucked , an insult to those real vets . precision bombing in world war ii ? please , those planes dumped their bombs and ran , people below be damned .
positive	this was definitely one of the best movies i've seen in a long time . the time just flew by . i can't wait to see it again and will definitely buy the dvd as soon as it comes out .
positive	the coen brothers did it again . another great movie . the same sort of twisted humor is involved in this as in previous movies , yet it is much different . this movie will keep you locked in the whole time .
positive	how can this be anything less than a 5 ?
negative	my opinion is that if walt disney had actually been frozen and he was brought back to life , he would see the dumb movies his company has made over the last few years and he would have a heart attack and die- again .
positive	here we have david lean again . this movie goes on too long but it has everything you need--romance , heartbreak , nobility , betrayal , action etc . pasternak's work is well done . i didn't like omar sharif in the title role in the 1960's but he has grown on me over the decades and i am satisfied in his role as the doc . the characters are too english however , but so what , i guess .
positive	i've only seen a few katharine hepburn films and this by far is my favorite ! she is so much fun and she moves quickly from scene to scene it never gets dull . cary grant is also great . his forte was totally the screwball comedy .
negative	silly not scary
negative	uh-uh . not scary .
negative	what a joke ! ! ! you guys should really get your facts straight and don't trust a puppet that's funded by hollywood . his documentary is riddled with more holes than a slab of swiss cheese . first of all he used an excerpt from a bush speech and claimed it was regarding the iraq war . in reality he was talking about the israelis and the palistinians . he claims that bush invited the taliban to texas for a visit . wrong , a texas oil company that had nothing to do with bush invited him . what he failed to mention was the fact that mr . bill clinton actually did invite the taliban to visit this country ! nice try michael moron . . . please do yourself a favor and check the facts out before believing any of his propaganda .
negative	it's a waste of money . i thought it was gonna be good cause of the famous voices for the animals boy was i wrong , the audience only laughed once and it wasn't a fall of the chair laugh just a simple ha ha . i warned ya .
negative	definitely a film you either love or hate . it did not appeal to me . the storyline is unfocused . the main character is full of himself and not relatable . the special effects are laughable .
positive	way underrated as a movie , maybe a little too cerebral for a comic book movie .
positive	with the release of quills , the film version of doug wright's play about the final days of the infamous marquis desade , with a script by the playwright himself , we are reminded what power the medium has the potential to command . the film presents a largely fictionalized account of the last days of the marquis desade ( geoffrey rush ) , confined to the charenton institution for the insane . through his interactions with a young laundress , madeleine ( kate winslett ) , an initially idealistic young priest , abbe de coulmier ( joaquin phoenix ) and the cruel , authoritarian dr . royer-collard ( michael caine ) , the author explores issues of censorship , religion and hypocrisy ( why do those three subjects complement each other so well ? ) . the film , while lacking the visceral immediacy of the play , has an inherent realism and intimacy that compensates for any losses . the attention to detail is exquisite , from the clothing to the closeups revealing stained , unpleasant teeth . the performances are superb , particularly those of oscar winners caine and rush . joaquin phoenix is by far the weakest link , attempting an annoying approximation of an english accent , presumably in order to sound like the rest of the cast , though since the film is set in france , the reasoning here becomes convoluted . however , phoenix's relative weaknesses are more than compensated for . this film is not for everyone . it is uncompromisingly grim . grimmer , even , than the historical fact of it's subject matter . those looking for romance , in any conventional sense , and a happy ending will be disappointed on both counts . however , the film does reward by delivering uncompromising energy and unremitting intensity for those who choose to approach it seriously .
negative	i love john travolta but this movie was a wasted hour of my time . it had great music but no story .
positive	one of the all time greats ! michael caine and sean connery . john huston adapted the story into a feature film starring sean connery as daniel dravot , michael caine as peachey carnehan , and christopher plummer as rudyard kipling . now what could be better in an old fashioned adventure yarn ? while at the offices of the northern star newspaper , rudyard kipling is approached by a ragged , seemingly crazed derelict , who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance peachy carnahan . peachy tells kipling the story of how he and his cohort danny dravot traveled to remote kafiristan , become gods , and ultimately lose everything . after meeting kipling at his newspaper office a few years earlier and signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty , carnahan and dravot muster an army from the natives of a kafiristan village . in their first battle , the natives decide that daniel is a god after he is shot with an arrow in the chest but continues fighting . in fact , the arrow has struck a bandolier beneath his clothing and become lodged in it , but the natives don't know this . when they arrive in the holy city of sikandergul , the natives confuse their masonic medals for symbols of alexander the great and declare the men to be gods . danny has delusions of grandeur , while peachy wants to sneak out of the city with chests of gold and jewels . danny decides to take a wife from amongst the natives , much against peachy's advice ; he chooses roxanna ( played by michael caine's real-life wife shakira ) . roxanna fears no woman can live if they consort with a god , and so tries to escape from daniel , biting him in the process . the bite draws blood , and when the natives see it they realise daniel is human after all , and pursue him and peachy through the streets of his erstwhile kingdom . danny is killed when forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep canyon ; the ropes supporting it are cut and he falls to his death . peachy is tortured and released . at the end of the film , as peachy finishes his story , he presents kipling with danny's decaying head , still wearing its kafiri crown .
positive	i was on the edge of my seat great movie
positive	i don't know why . . but i like this movie . : )
positive	great story , great moments . what could be better ?
positive	a wonderfully thoughful movie , it takes an unlikely duo in a foreign place and strikes the human chord of the search for meaning and fulfillment . bill murray and scarlett johannson are phenomenal , their mastery of their roles was amazing especially when there wasn't dialogue . an extremely poignant , artful film . sofia coppola is such a fantastic talent ! she treats films like paintings , delicate and emotional . i can't wait for her next project .
positive	hell yeah ! this movie was soo good ! i thought everyone that played in it looked and acted good . it was like jumpy , funny , action like all at the same time . nicholas cage is sooo hot in the movie !
positive	walt disney's crowining glory in animation . a unique , brilliant style , oscar-nominated music , delightful characters--- sleeping beauty has it all .
negative	no comment . . .
positive	this was the cohn bros funniest movie , next to raising arizona .
positive	leave behind any misconceptions about indian cinema ; this wonderful satyajit ray film ( the first of the famous apu trilogy ) about a young boy and his poor family in bengal is far removed from the gaudy extravagant melodramatic bollywood musicals , and is undoubtedly one of the crowning achievements of world cinema . winner of the 1955 cannes festival , it's gently engaging , beautifully observant of nature , imbued with a child's sense of wonderment , as well as deeply lyrical , wise and poetic . recommended unreservedly , to anyone who prefers contemplative pleasures to breakneck action .
positive	great movie . action packed . no dragging . good storyline . a movie for people interested in military and science fiction .
positive	i loved peter pan ! i saw it 2 or three times
negative	more like stupid babies : baby geniuses 2 . how did this movie get the greenlight ?
negative	i only saw 'speed 2 : cruise control' once . never have i been more disappointed at a sequel . reviewer harold-insane said it right : what happened ? well , i have three words to describe it : this blows chunks !
positive	five stars all the way ! wayne and garth offer a great look into the mind of the hard rocking youth of 80's america . garth was my hero when i was younger . this movie is a great blend of comedy and even a little drama . well , maybe not . whoever thinks that kids from suburbia are boring . you're wrong ! this movie is excellent ! sha .
positive	fun to watch , and more in-depth and story-based than a lot of other sci-fi flicks . a solid classic .
negative	this movie gave me vivid nightmares for a week . it had no plot , just gore and blood and psychopaths . i saw the movie almost two years ago and i still get goosebumps when i think about it .
negative	i just don't get it .
positive	this is good science fiction outside the modern slash and splatter mode . this has a plot and a story . charlton heston is great here .
positive	i still can't sleep well at night .
positive	hysterical and original ! i can watch it again and again and never get bored !
positive	this was the only astroid movie that came out worth watching . very intense .
positive	great film ! i can watch it over and over . all the acting is great ; kevin spacey is awesome . one of my top five all time favorites .
positive	this is definately one of the best movies of all time
positive	this is an awesome , incredible movie ! ! one of the best out , and one of my favorites ! ! the story is almost too powerful for its own good , as the slightly emotional among us probably had trouble staying dry-eyed through parts . but , it never got overly sappy at all - never pathetic . just a great , warm , incredible movie . patch adams , the man , has become one of my true to life heros .
positive	this has become my favorite movie of all time . i can watch it over and over and never get tired of it . can't wait for the sequels . jim
positive	this is the best movie ever made . it has all the elements of life : love , family , loyalty , betrayal . . .
positive	very sweet movie predictable but nice and a blend of a fairytail and a comedy mostly comedy .
negative	overdramatic , dark , boring and laced with useless profanities , this r-rated terror of the night needs to learn some lessons from other dramatic franchises such as star trek .
positive	definitely worth seeing . finally , a " family " flick that doesn't put me to sleep . like lotr , it took a long time before film technology could do justice to it . it's a very imaginative story tht allows people to choose how much symbolism is involved . supposedly , author c . s . lewis based the hero ( a lion ) on a certain figure prominently featured in the new testament . the acting was decent . i loved tilda swinton in " the deep end . " she plays a very beyotchee witch with perpetual bad hair days , which seems to put her in a murderous rage all the time . she does a decent job with her swordplay -- even with her skinny little arms . as i always say , the mark of a great actress is her ability to wield swords or to launch kicks . take julia roberts or jennifer aniston , overated damsels ; the only thing tough they can do is pout while smoking a cigarette .
positive	this was about the funniest movie i've ever seen . every scene was funny . intricate plot , clever dialogue , excellent acting , great cinematography and well written . this deserves to be much higher on the list , my guess is that it's new and many people haven't yet seen it . highly recommended !
positive	the 15 minute journey into hell that was featured as the american forces stormed the beach at normandy was perhaps the most riviting and horrifyingly true to life cinema that has ever been created . the audience is right in there amongst the carnage as bodies are being torn apart and young lives are lost in the most unnatural ways . i don't see any politics being played out here , just stark , naked reality . although the actual occurrences of dday outstripped these terrible scenes a thousandfold , from the accounts of surviving soldiers who were there , the film comes closer than any of it's predecessors . the story is secondary to the horrors lived out on screen and spielberg outdoes himself as a director of visuals . the progression of this great director's career has been amazing . as his budgets rise , his films seem to grow exponentially .
positive	if somebody woulda hired some marines to take care of that little a hole bruce willis instead of stupid forigners he wouldnt be so hard to die ! i wish bruce willis was my father
positive	la mejor comedia-gore que v en mi vida , de lejos la mejor , insuperada . injustamente relegada por la crtica . un clsico en toda ley .
positive	my favorite comedy . almost non-stop laughs , and a nice mixture of sophisticated humor and slapstick . hope the sequel lives up to the original .
negative	ridiculously pathetic . two thumbs down .
negative	this movie is terrible because it re-does every old trick from the first movie . i was not surprised , and was insulted by their pitiful portrayal of one of the only black women in a major role of an action film in a long time .
positive	one of the great silent films of all time , and one of the best and most intelligent horror films as well . i particularly like the scene of the rats biting the sailors .
positive	you want a funny movie , go see hitch ! it was hilarious . my friend and i laughed the whole way through , as did her two aunts ! it was so funny , and wil smith cracked me up , when he was teaching the guy to dance .
positive	as a comic book fan . . . i loved it . . . and yet it had enough drama and action to draw non- fans in . and isn't that what this movie should do ? ? ? loved the geek stuff thrown in for the fans and i think it gave enough background to allow everyone to enjoy . . . . can not wait for the sequal .
positive	great movie , this is definately carpenter's best and brightest . this will be a classic for years to come .
positive	sorry , but this is one of my favorite holiday movies and it contains my favorite christmas song , white christmas . nobody sang it better than bing crosby .
positive	one of the funniest movie of all time .
negative	a maudlin and simplistic love story during which the japanese happen to bomb pearl harbour . prettily filmed though .
positive	i admit , you have to be a little twisted to like this movie , but that's the shear joy of it for fans that appreciate it . . . it's twistedness that is .
positive	this movie best describes the african american society where blacks were all segregated in one area and where chaos drives many of them to violence . true film that shows how bad things were .
negative	what an utter disappointment , there is no comparison between this tripe and the original ( which is a remake of the superior japanese version ) . the original had genuine atmosphere , inventive cinematography and real suspense . the film quality is very standard this time around and lacks the high contrast grainy quality of the first that added to the atmosphere . the main protagonist hasn't gained any more intelligence since the first movie . in fact , she is a complete ditz who needs an iq infusion to take it out of the double digits . in the first version , she had somewhat of an excuse as she stumbled across the origins of the videotape and began to realize the implications . there were indications in the first movie that she was somewhat of an absent parent who needed to make a connection with her child . in this version , she is even more absent-minded and neglectful . warning : spoilers ahead examples : 1 ) right near the beginning , the demonic girl makes an appearance by emerging from a body bag and grabbing the mother to try to pull her into the netherworld . hmmm . . . you'd think the mother would clue in and grab her kid and find a police station , hospital or some of other well-lit public place with lots of other people . nope , instead she leaves her kid alone in a big empty house while she does her investigative reporting at all hours of the night . plus , they have a big screen tv in their new digs . hello ! you would think after what they went through in the first movie , they would avoid being around tvs at all costs . it gets worse , not even half way through the movie , the mother has either left her kid alone or lost him altogether an additional 2-3 times . example 2 ) would be after seeing the demonic girl manifest herself in the kid's room and seep out of the walls , the mother takes her son to her romantic interest's house . . . and leaves him alone in the bathtub while she goes for a drive ! the demonic girl loves the water ; it's her calling card and main mode of transport , apparently . so , naturally the kid is on his own again with you-know-who . and don't get me started on the " scary " computer-animated herd of roaming deer , yeah , that's right --- demonic deer ! vicious , villainous venison ! oooo , spooky ! it has to be one of the most unintentionally funny moments in a horror film and brings the suspense to a screeching halt . no floatation device , ring or otherwise , would save this sinker .
positive	my all time favorite movie . hard core modern day mafia by genius director , quentin tarantino . how can you go wrong with a cast like that ? complex story lines are key .
positive	great ! jennefer garner shines
negative	i know this movie was made when i born and i would probably would have been scared and all but i saw it a couple of years ago and i laughed i don't see nothing scary about it .
positive	this movie was hella funny . i laughed throughout the whole movie . the wayans bros . are funny . the plot was stupid but funny . they made fun of all the scary movies and it was cool .
negative	whoopie - painful as always .
positive	this movie is just silly and i love it . peter sellers does a hilarious job in all three of his parts . this movie has some of my favorite images like dr . stragelove trying to suppress a nazi salute , the insane officer firing a belt fed machine gun at his own troops , yelling feed me ! , and of course the cowboy riding the icbm . overall , hilarious and one of my all time favorites .
negative	if i ever wanted to see such crap again id head straight to a toilet
positive	like james bond , ethan is our kind of special agent . het gets to break into facilities using interesting tools and weapons . he gets to look at confidential papers , and gets the girl . what was all bad though is his folks get shot .
positive	great movie about the teens of today . fits what we feel as teens . key situations that could have happened and how someone would have reacted . one guy in the movie just cracks me up- the jock trash talker just showing concern for himself being oblivious to everyone around .
negative	this wasn't a good war movie . some things in this movie are not true to history . in some of the battle scenes , the japanese soldiers appear to be bad soldiers . in some scenes , most of the soldiers couldn't kill the american standing right in front of them . in reality , the japanese soldiers were the some of the best trained in the entire world . i think cage is too old to play this part . he's almost 40 and he's playing a marine sergeant . he's too old for the part . if your haven't noticed from watching the movie , everything is off . the american grenades make an explosion the size of a artillery shell . the japanese soldiers are shown as having no hand to hand combat skills . terrible historical film .
negative	other than the presence of michelle pfeiffer , there is nothing at all redeeming about this cheap film .
positive	many claim beauty and the beast or snow white to be their favorite tradationally-animated disney feature . i , on the other hand , choose the emperor's new groove . certaintly able to be described as an atypical disney film , this one ditches the emotional plot and sappy music to focus on out-and-out humor . the voice cast is quite talented , but patrick warburton shines through as the enjoyably-inept krunk . with smooth animation , the feature has snappy dialogue . the best humor comes from moments where the fourth wall is shattered with style . more movies and tv shows should break the fourth wall and play with the sense of reality !
negative	question ? why do all these action movies want to have a fight sequence like the matrix ?
positive	this is the best newest film i've seen this year . . i think that anyone wh's anyone should see it if they haven't this is a good movie to show u reality ! !
positive	this movie was great because it got me jumping out of my seat with horror ! even when i could tell something bad was going to happen , i still jumped . if you like movies that scare you just enough not to cover your eyes , the sixth sense is the movie to see .
positive	i loved it so much ! ! ! i am counting down the days until the dvd comes out in december ! ! ! woo hoo , you all go out and buy it ok ? give it up for napoleon and pedro . . . i wish he was on the election ballot , i woner how many people would have voted for him ? ! haha .
positive	i love this movie . one of the best action movies ever .
positive	the funniest movie of the year . i'm a great jim carrey fan and once again he gave us laughs .
positive	i watched this movie late at night , so i was tired . the beginning was kind of slow , and i almost fell asleep . but towards the middle good action scenes kick in . combined with great technical effects , this story is heart-breaking .
positive	excellent portrayal of a mental asylum and the struggles people face if they are different . good reading , but quite depressing .
positive	this is a great movie . this one is better than the first . this is the update of the first fantasia . i found a lot of the segments interesting . like the carnival of the animals . there was only one returning segment .
positive	brett fav-ray . the final 5 minutes alone make it worth it .
positive	aaaaahhhhh ! ! ! ! !
positive	glad to see this movie rated so high . best and smartest comedy all time ! john goodman's best role ever ! donnie was a good man , and a good bowler . . . but you took him , lord , like you did to so many young men before their time at lon doc , khe sahn , and hill 354 ! ( all real vietnam battles by the way )
positive	latima duma kaizer soze ! i loved the bulletin board scene that tied everything together . verbal's scene right afterwards just makes the film ( although the telling of kazier soze is pretty damn cool too ) .
positive	a genius movie . my favorite of all time with perhaps a few disney classics as exceptions . tina fey is genius as a writer .
positive	i'm glad this movie was made . it's a slice of real life whether you like it or not . homosexuality has been around since the beginning of time--it's not going away folks . instead of constantly persecuting these people , maybe it's time to try and understand them . i think this movie is a small step in the right direction . i think all the " brokebutt " comments are so juvenile and ignorant . people need to grow-up . maybe it's time we focus on more pressing issues that are really affecting society . i really have a problem with my tax dollars being used to raise the children of people who are too stupid or lazy to practice birth control .
positive	always a pleasure to watch trading places . most all of eddie murphy's early movies were great , and this is no exception .
positive	a lot of fun , and reasonably well scripted and acted . much the best of the trilogy .
negative	despite the fact that i watched this movie on a flight from boston to sfo , this movie was so bad i still thought about walking out on it . i used to like will farrell , but now after 29 movies over three years it has become apparent how one-dimensional and unoriginal he really is . he's the same character in every movie , and most recently they have all been bad movies . nicole kidman was at least a little ( very little ) likable in the movie , but she drops in my opinion -- guilt by association . what was she thinking taking on this role ? this was one of the worst movies ever .
negative	walking into this mess .
positive	amazing !
positive	the wayans brothers have done it again with their parody on the recent horror movies to hit theaters . very similar to the style of their earlier movie , don't be a menace . . . the movie is funny from beginning to end . warning : the movie contains a lot of sexual content .
positive	who could not like any of the indiana jones films ? this role suits harrison ford down to the ground , cheeky , moody and a good sense of humour - the action scenes are great and the script is really good . great family film .
positive	do you hear that little 'bump , 'bump , 'bump ? that's where the heart is . great movie . natalie portman did a terrific job . she does a western accent wonderfully . i liked how james frain ( forney ) acted . very sentimental and good movie . sends out a good message .
positive	i love this movie cause halle berry is in it ! shes a very smart , funny , and sexy actress she really done good ! although its not a major fav its good even though people down it they don't have good tatse anyway of what real movies are !
positive	this is the best psychological thriller ever made . it has a great sequence of events and good actors .
positive	my favorite movie of the summer . it was very realistic because they used real characters , settings ( rome ) , and clothing ( armor , weapons ) . this movie made my girlfriend cry . if you like action with out guns , this movie tops it off . the storyline was well written and the acting was good .
positive	i thought it was awsome ! brad pitt rob redford are legends in the field . uh . . . yeah !
positive	another great epic , well , great for me anyway ! . . . . fantastic soundtrack . . . .
positive	a great movie
negative	this was one of the worst movies i have ever witnessed ! how can it be rated so high ?
positive	probably the scariest movie ever made . suspenseful from beginning to end . not a rip-off of an earlier movie as someone else had suggested . as the tag line says : in space-no one can hear you scream .
positive	this is the scariest movie i have ever seen ! it gave me nightmares , as a kid , for 10 yrs ! never forgot this one and the infamous crucifix scene ! i have the limitted edition box set and love the new release ! great classic ! !
positive	what confuses me is why this is in the action section when it should be in the horror section ? strange . anyways , this has got to be one of the best horror tales ever made for the screen ! foster hopkins are excellent as is demme's direction . the atmosphere is good , the tension is unbearable and all of it's praise is well-deserved . excellent movie !
positive	this movie showed the rough times going through high school . many people can relate to this . however , not everyone can do the karate moves .
positive	that movie was almost the funniest movie i have eva seen ! it's really great ! i love richard 4 lyf ! ! !
positive	if you haven't had your heart broken as a teen , wanted to fit in with the crowd , own a fast car , or hesitate to leave your friends after you graduate from high school , you couldn't identify with this movie . i'm not a teen anymore , but i sure recall those great memories . wonderful movie . . .
positive	well written , sensitively directed and superbly acted . the portrayal of captain john miller as a humbly man , a school teacher who only wanted to return home to his wife but never made it , was very moving and highly compelling . my father was a medic on the front lines in wwii , he did make it back home , only he returned with more than just physical scars ; something of which he never talked about , he was a humble man too , as well as a brave man . war flims , art imitating live , what a shame that it has to exist .
positive	i gave it this rating because its the original indiana jones and it had some religious super natural aspects .
negative	driven . . . to the eject button .
positive	this was a great film . fun , fast-paced and lots of twists , like the tv show . the sequel lost it big-time , though .
negative	i had very high expectations of this film given the calber of actors . what a let down . a real snore !
negative	a silly film with bad acting .
positive	being a movie fan , and brought up watching the old epics on the big screen , i never thought i'd ever see them bettered . that is until braveheart . the word masterpiece is used a little to loosely these days ( forrest gump ? ! ! ) , however this film must qualify . mel gibson is a natural director who knows what he is doing . ( roland emmerich please take note ! ) . also great to see patrick mcgoohan in a worthy role . yes , i liked gladiator too , but i have to agree with wiggum on this one , it doesn't hold a candle to braveheart .
positive	i loved and i also that at the end it showed what would happend in real life . so it is great .
negative	what's next , ocean's thirteen , fourteen , etc . ? if you keep adding turkeys , maybe you can drive the ocean series into the negative ratings .
positive	the action was great because of all the special effects . leonardo and kate made the story great because they were both meant for each other . it was a great remake from all the other old remakes .
positive	alfred hitchcock is a genious . an undeniable genious . to all the people unfamiliar with his work and wondering why he is hailed as such should just watch this movie and they will understand . the last scene so stirred me-the way hitchcock blended the ironicies of good and evil was purely brilliant . when the nun emerged from the stairs into the darkness , she appeared an evil , ominious being only to come into the light-a symbol of rightiousness and good-and have to deal with death that she inadvertantly caused . . wow . the rest of the movie was subtley crafted to be gloriously unsettling as well ; it's defiently near the top of my favoritie hitchock movies .
positive	john travolta and nicholas cage were phenomenal . the plot twists in the movie were excellent . i enjoyed the movie very much .
positive	the stone henge scene alone is worth watching this movie , it is hysterical . it shows christopher guest at his best a very funny movie with lots of cameos .
positive	a bunch of stupid , hot , high school cheerleaders running around in their panties and bras ? ! you cant lose !
positive	ernest borgnine is incredible as the sensitive title character . this movie has a lot to say and does it so well through a few characters .
positive	the best movie ever
positive	the best movie ever
positive	wondeful movie . it's just a classic the best ever made . the acting , music and direction are fantastic . a classic forever !
positive	i love adam sandler , especially in this movie . he looks like he would be a great daddy , too bad i can't play the mommy . : )
positive	soooo funny . . . i still cant get over that they had to cuddle in that cave !
positive	absolutey hilarious . i think this is the funniest jim carrey has ever been , i'm still hoping for the sequel .
negative	this was the dumbest movie i have ever seen
positive	hilarious , good special effects , great storyline .
positive	even thinking about this movie makes me chuckle . i just spontaneously start giggling when i think about those characters . yes , the movie is way too crude and raunchy , even for my tastes , but the creativity of eddie murphy's characters makes up for that . this is not shakespeare , so it's not the subtlety of the script i'm interested in . okay , the truth is . . . i fast forward through the dumb parts , but the good parts are really , really good .
positive	actually , this was better than the first one , with elements of humor thrown in with the scares . the director and stars manage to convincingly portray the monster as something to be pitied , and that's not easy to do . it's really sad in a way to watch the final scene where his bride rejects him , because all he really wanted was to be loved .
positive	simply incredible ! ! ! ! you are glued to the screen , very dark , gothic and fast-moving , you are never bored . the evil housekeeper will send chills down your spine ! !
positive	i've seen this movie over a hundred times . it was a bit of a ritual for me and my friends back in high school . it is one of the best fantasy movies of all time . beware the sequels , though ; there can be only one .
negative	i want my $ 9 back , or i'm going to start cracking skulls . . .
positive	who didn't like the goonies ? i have watched this movie at least 100 times and it only gets better . a bunch of unpopular kids follow an old treasure map that belonged to a pirate named one eyed willy . this movie came out when i was a kid and all of my friends love it . as the kids follow the map they are being chased by 3 criminals . they encounter many booby traps along the way and in the end discover one eyed willy's treasure . they save their town and the criminals are arrested . any kid will love this movie .
positive	one of the funniest movies of all time
negative	marrying drew barrymore did not help his movie career .
positive	a good imaginative movie . dorothy gets caught up in a tornado and ends up in a new land where she meets munchkins . , a bad witch , glinda the good witch , scarecrow , tinman , the cowardly lion , along with her new found friends she and toto go off to meet the wizard so he can send her home . they have to deal with the bad witch along the way . there are some good songs in this movie , especially somewhere over the rainbow one of the most famous songs ever . a wonderful fairy tale . judy garland is perfect as dorothy gale . all the actors are good . we still like to watch this movie every now and then . one of the best fantasy movies .
positive	great movie , great action , shows the history !
negative	cheesy sequel that offers nothing . why do they make sequels that are so terrible that they ruin an entire seres ?
positive	i'm a dancer of 9 years and i have never seen such excellent dancing in a movie . i loved it .
positive	i loved this movie ! this is a great blend of animation and regular motion picture . this wasn't the funniest movie , but it was great !
positive	i absolutely loved this movie , infact , i own it ! mel gibson is always a hint that the movie is going to be great . the movie itself was a pleasant mixture of comedy and drama . i laughed , i cried , i was atsonished . i would recommend this to anybody .
positive	i loved this movie ! i saw it on saturday night twice in a row . not my choice . . . but still . i reallu enjoyed it ! !
positive	an american classic . . . jaws is still a great film 20 + years later . robert shaw as quint is a great example of character acting .
negative	another tom green movie that i will never see . who watches this crap and why do the studios keep giving people money to make movies with tom green . the local paper also gave this one no stars and if i could i would . note to hollywood send tom back to canada .
positive	great , wonderful , fabulous movie . it's hard to believe that this was hepburn's first professional role ever , but it was . she won an oscar for best actress and it was certainly deserved . greggory peck was wonderful in his role of the first unsympathetic than the in love reporter . the ending was it had to be . as much as we would love for the handsome peck and lovely hepburn to be together , alas , they cannot . she is a princess and he is a lowly reporter , it would just never work . it was very gratifying to see princess anne stand up for herself a little after her excursion . bottom line : great , classic movie with two terrific actors
negative	b-o-r-i-n-g .
positive	one of the best of the series , and with a classic line too . do you feel lucky punk ? well do you ?
positive	this is such a great classic movie . not because mickey mouse was the lead but all children could be exposed to classic master pieces of music . what a great idea to have great music followed by enteraining graphics . my favorite part is mickey and the powerful hat getting out of control .
positive	i loved this movie . when i first heaaard about a new coumputer animated movie , i recalled the disatrous toy story and other evils , but shrek really was great . filled with warmth and humour and a happy ending . i loved the ending
negative	enough stupid halloween movies .
positive	very entertaining and good action . jet li rules .
negative	i have to agree with an above post when he said . . . poo .
negative	i hate scary movies . i don't get scared really easily and i find it pointless to watch , a waste of time . all the sequels of scream are the same .
positive	much better than the original . it is much more toned down , and takable . the performances are amazing , and i went wild for it .
positive	scared the crap out of me .
positive	this movie goes to the extremes on all fronts . what a rad show !
positive	definitely one of the 3 best bond movies and probably the most iconic viz the golden girl and bond on the laser table . goldfinger himself is also probably the best of the super villains
positive	i think it was an inspirational work about friendship and commitment that eventually developed between the two characters . i liked the way the characters were developed and the changes they experienced throughout the movie .
negative	please take away the pain . .
positive	hitchcock ! i think this was the 1st hitchcock movie i saw and it sucked me right in .
positive	this is like the best movie i have ever seen ! i got the soundtrack and im goign to the movie as soon as it coems out . if you havent seen this movie yet you should see it soon you dotn want to miss out on such a awesome movie !
positive	this movie is so relevant to people as old as i am . people who can remember the wayne's world phenom and snl . this movie has so many great lines , a nd mike myers and dana carvey are so perfect together . the premise is fun . this movie has some of the most memorable lines of any movie of the nineties . great soundtrack , too . wayne's world has changed the way the world looked at bohemian rhapsody !
positive	one of my all-time favorites . outstanding comedy , featuring chaplin at his best , as both the self-effacing barber and the comically tyrannical dictator .
positive	thi is one of my favorite movies . i like the pacino , and the way he acts . he seems so real . i really like the story of how he went from a nobody to a big man and how it ends .
positive	very very funny .
positive	terrific movie , and who couldn't love that donkey . this was truly a very memorable movie that lived up to all it's expectations
positive	i've seen it 20 times and could easily see it 20 more times . great music , comedy , action , and a nice story to boot . and what a cast ! two fried chickens and a coke coming up !
positive	this might be the scariest movie i have ever seen . it seemed like i was jumping out my seat every few minutes .
positive	awesome ! you never knew what was going to happen next . i was on the edge of my seat the whole time . i liked the way it was scary , but not bloody and gross .
positive	mel brooks is a genius ! this has to be one of the funniest movies i have ever seen ! excellent comedy !
positive	just as great as the first .
positive	this movie was great . it gave you the chance to see how people on different sides can come together .
positive	the best movie i've seen all year . after losing my mom last year and these being the first holidays without her , this movie made me laugh . it's an a + in my book . bah hum bug to those that don't like it .
positive	i used to watch it over and over again when i was a kid . it's one of my favorites .
negative	get this movie off the scary movie list please . its a mystery , not a horror flick . plus the movie really blows . i wouldnt watch this movie again if someone gave me $ 40 bucks .
positive	drew barrymore's best film since e . t . ! ! ! in this film , she was kinda like charlie mcgee as an adult ! ! ! especially the scene where she was riding a scooter with her hair flowing in the wind ! ! ! she was a sexy angel ! ! ! the movie had a terrific storyline and plot , and i loved bill murray as bosly ! !
positive	great movie . plenty of action . brilliant acting , particularly from val kilmer as doc holliday , with his witty remarks . the only downfall of the movie would be the love scenes which seem as though they are in the movie simply because they had to be . however , these scenes are few and the rest of the movie is very entertaining . whoever it is saying clint eastwood is in this movie , you've got the wrong film .
positive	alot of fun to watch .
positive	i felt so bad for this poor guy ( szpilman ) ! adrien brody did an excellent job . roman polanski painted a very vivid and disturbing picture of what wwii was like . a great movie . . .
positive	haunting movie , sad story . . . . . . . . .
positive	one of the best movies of the early 70s , and clearly stanley kubrick's masterpiece . a wild , upsetting , shocking exploration of violence . don't rent this movie if you're easily offended . but if you're interested in an extremely well-made movie that offers no easy answers , give it a shot .
positive	stylish and graceful , done in mandarin , not with cheesy cliched american accents , beautiful settings , an authentic chineese feel to it , a solid storyline and great martial arts . definatly martial art .
positive	edward g robinson was still a gangster in this film but a great religious one to watch , especially the parting of the sea . . . . . . . .
positive	i dont know what to say . . . its just the best movie ever .
positive	it has been a long time since i have seen a very well worked and original style of storytelling in a feature film . this film is simply incredible . it manages to be very mysterious , well acted , bravely and honestly directed , humorous and above all gripping . this film sucks you in and refuses to let go . you cannot leave the theater . i had to pee to the point i almost passed out and i still could not tear myself away from this ingeniouse tail . the story is told backward . that is from the last event to the first . what we know is that our main character's , played by guy peirce , wife has been raped and murdered and he is out for revenge . sounds rather run of the mill , right ? well , he witnesses this happen , tries to rescue his wife and gets a severe blow to the head which leaves him with a very strange psychological disorder . he has no short term memory . he has all his old memories he just cannot make any new ones . he most take polaroid pictures and scroll noted in the form of tattos all over his body so that he might track down and kill his wifes murderer . this is what gives this film such a wonderfully twisted and remarkable edge . i haven't seen something told this cool since , dare i say , forever ? this has made my list of the top films of 2001 . memento is a profound and breakthrough film . something that should be considered classic . anyone who enjoys the art of film and story telling should treat themselves to this astonishing work of art . highly highly recommended .
positive	this movie alsolutely rules ! awesome music , emotion , battle scenes , etc . it's also loosely based on history . there is a 300-foot statue of william wallece in scotland . i'm not a big mel gibson fan , but he does a great job in this movie .
positive	this gets a 5 just for the animation , some of the best ever . . . and hand done , with all of the variations within that computer animation just can't seem to capture . the story is a bit cheesy , and just ment to link the animated stories together , but it's still one of my favorites .
positive	what an action movie should be . quite long but you always want to know what happens next so it is okay . exactly the right amount of comedy , plenty of action and tom arnold was brilliant as the annoying sidekick to arnie .
positive	great competitive movie with a sense of humor that was also emotionally tear jerking at the end , but it ended well . i would go see it again .
positive	the comedy of sinister , impeccable manners , as louis d'ascoygne ( dennis price ) fulfills in his own way his late mother's wish that he inherit the family fortune , enacting indiscriminate and caculated revenge upon a half-dozen family members , all of whom stand between himself and the inheritance . that alec guinness portrays the parts of eight of the victims is remarkable enough but is one of the lesser delights . price himself is impeccable in character in his psychotic obsession and joan greenwood ( also wonderful in oscar wilde's 'the importance of being earnest' , 1952 ) teaches all comediennes a thing or two about playing the role of the seductive blackmailing adulteress who also happens to be the object of louis' desire ( that's right ) . wilde , as well as chesterton and woodehouse , knew that british comedy is nothing if not the collusion of characters , eccentric and batty .
positive	this movie is probably the best one i have seen for the year of 2000 so far . the battle scenes were outstanding . the character , maximus , was a bad ass . it was like a love story and an action movie all in one . the story of the movie was good . direction was outstanding .
positive	i think there's a lot of things we could say about this movie ; tim robbins and jeff bridges were unbelievable ; great movie !
positive	i'll tell you , this movie is incredibly deep , intelligent , awesome , fun-to-watch , interconnected , mind-tweaking , and insanely thought-out this marvel of a movie actually is . in fact , don't even try to understand the whole thing the first time you watch it . it isn't physically possible . this movie has so much freakin' content that even the people who claim that i'm wrong , and that they do get it the first time , are in fact wrong . they don't get it . in fact , i'd bet even i don't get the whole entire thing , in spite of the fact that i've seen it at least ten times . there are whole websites devoted to simply the philosophy implied by the matrix . to be fair , critics have an obligation to be mean and lie and make fun of every single movie . ( ok , a bit of an exaggeration ) . this is why even the most accommidating critics simply musn't be letting their true feelings show through . either that , or they're asses . to complement the impossible-to-comment-on , blaringly incredible storyline , comes a revolution in visual effects . larry and andy have freakin' fired the bar out of a cannon . the technique that bullet-time , from the first movie , suggests , is fully realized in the second installment . namely , a virtual camera . the scene is completely mapped out on a computer , in three dimensions , allowing absolutely any angle and motion of the view to be manifested . in the burly brawl , a flesh-and-blood camera would have been torn to pieces if it had actually gone through the motions suggested by the virtual camera . tight , fast turns and swings in slow motion would have required even tighter , faster turns and swings in real-time , to which the real camera is eternally bound . the series was originally designed to be one single story , but it was way too long to put together into one movie . dude , this movie would have been incredible if it was animated ! the story alone would have made it a blockbuster . no , more ! visual effects that were actually invented for this movie make it stunning to watch . when the second , or especially third , movie is over , you're body will be jittering from adrenaline and sore , and you will have had chills at least two or three times . your mind will race and scour every frame and you will be addicted to it . watching it for the second time , you will actually be able to watch it .
positive	a great sci fi movie . awesome cast , awesome effects , nice story line and well ahead of it's time .
positive	fantastically funny film . martin the ending makes you warm inside .
negative	have you ever seen such decent special effects ruined by such awful acting ? don't make a historical film if you are going to turn it into a cheesy romance film . . . doesn't hollywood have more respect for old veterans ? typical hollywood shlock- overhyped , overdone , overacted . a real dissapointment .
positive	one of my favorites . although i think keanu sux in just about everything he does and i also think the same about wynona ryder , the movie had such a great script and gary oldman is an incredible actor , that it was worth seeing at the theatre . copola did an excellent job of direction ( look what he had to struggle w / though ) .
positive	a classic movie that is a fairy tale , action-adventure and comedy .
positive	i love this movie even though i am not a big fan of jim carey . this movie is sooooo funny ! i have seen it a lot with my best friend but , we still crack up through most of the movie .
positive	this film is a true gem . it's one of the best quasi-documentary send ups i've ever seen . don't let the subject matter fool or deter you , see this film ! ! ! dutchvu
positive	rocky is a symbol of underpriviledged america rising up from the depths to overcome all odds and be a champion . although rocky doesn't win the fight , he truly is the victor . i've seen this movie over twenty times and i still love it .
positive	this movie was so ahead of its time . no special effects and slice n dice , just pure suspense . i still get the creeps when i watch it .
positive	this movie defined what scary movies should be like . alfred hitchcock was a genius for his time . he set the standard for these types of movies . the shower scene is and will always be the best scene in any movie . the way they made it was great .
positive	the best war movie of all time ! very smart . all around bad ass !
positive	best movies i've ever seen ! ! !
positive	an enchanting , inspired claymation oscar-winning classic from the brilliant british animator nick park . the best of the marvellous adventures of wallace and gromit ( the immensely likeable owner and dog ) - this time involving a pair of mechanical trousers and a villainous museum-robbing penguin who lodges at their home ! equally appealing for adults and children , and a must-see for anyone unfamiliar with the delightful series .
positive	i loved it . where else can you see life prtrayed through the eyes of a house . it's the story of a dying man , and his messed up life . or it's the story of a messed up man and his dying house . or it's the story of a man with a messed up family and the growth of the family right along with the growth of his house . or , it's all of those , or it's none of those . it's just a great movie . even if you're a guy who doesn't cry , bring the kleenex along for this one . nobody's eyes will stay dry .
negative	while reading your opinions on this movie i was astonished . in all sincerity i can't image how you guys could have possibly seen this movie for more than a vulgar pornographic flick . i can't believe that seventeen year old children can walk in off the street and see this film , for this our society's moral standards should be reviewed . one would have to agree that all played their roles well . . they were all full of emotion and very dramatic . still i just can't see how anyone would find a film that makes sex look so dirty , so amazingly good . most at our show left appauled . anyone who enjoys this movie would have to be slightly twisted and lacking something in their own sexual relations . i just really feel that this movie should have been rated nc-17 .
negative	you know , where do i begin with the pile of trash ? first of all , i refuse to believe a tornado is powerful enough to whip a cow around 700 times , but isn't powerful enough to throw the truck they drive off the road . oh , and id swear the plot of this movie simply revolved around knocking over tornado tracking devices ! hellooooo , is there any intelligence left in hollywood ? ? ? and i love the fact that the tornado comes , clouds are black . . . yet not one drop of freakin rain ! and if i see a tornado , i don't know about you , but i'm running the opposite direction , i sure as hell aint going to chase it down like these retarded idiots ! the movie sucked !
negative	i think this is beyond all bounds the worst of the child play franchise . the only frightning moments in this peice were the parts that had people trying to act and the horrible dialogue is spoken . the low production costs and crap idea make this one of the worst child's play movies and one of the worst horror films ever made . complete poo .
positive	it was an excellent movie ! ! ! ! ! i loved it ! ! ! ! !
positive	a good original movie . a lot of movies are based from this one . good special effects for that time . one of the best storylines .
positive	the funniest movie i have seen in my entire life . such in incredible comedic feat will take a huge comedy to parralell . tom green did a spectacular job . a must see .
negative	dumbest movie i have ever seen !
positive	creepy as hell and i am not just talking about the hotel itself
positive	the most moving film i have ever seen . it changed the way i thought .
positive	the title speaks for it all . ya gotta know spanish to understand the title !
positive	the absolute best movie of all time ! i give it more than 5 stars .
positive	robin williams gave it his best shot to become accepted as a bonified human . . ! the longer the movie played the more involved it became . great specail effects and thoroughly enjoyed . except for the ending . . . don't take this wrong robin williams . . . but your supposed to keep us laughing our virtual butts off . . . . got that ? but you somehow managed to bring it into the realms of real tears . so knock that tears stuff off mr . williams or . . . no-more 'dura cell' batterys for you dude . got that ?
positive	a powerful punch of a movie . tough hard hitting drama , with edward norton as the nameless star . pitt and bonham-carter are excellent in support . but this is finchers film , his direction is faultless , crafting the music , orchestrating the editing to weave his magic .
positive	the movie takes you right into the heart of teams . . . . lots of driver and team member perspectives as well . excellent racing footage , and good background information . both old and new nascar fans will enjoy and learn something from this movie .
positive	this was a very moving movie and brought to life interesting aspects of the civil war .
positive	as a bonafide brazil-phile , i must admit my bias here . regardless i found this to be the best brazilian film since amor bandido ( 1979 ) . the relationship between the child and adult woman who finds him living in the train station is engrossing . what i liked most about this film however was it's sheer believeability - sadly the phenomenon of street kids does exists there , thus , there's a subtle dose of social commentary mixed in with a gripping storyline . recommended .
negative	i rated armageddon a 1 b / c it is a heavily hyped movie w / no plot , no good acting and a sick technology will save us-america can do anything metality !
positive	i think the scariest part of the movie is knowing that this is based on a true story . i was freaked out since the first sceen begain . i had no idea what i was in for . awsome , awsome movie and i am excited to see the remake when it comes out . that will be cool seeing them try to do the same thing as the original .
positive	very well done , an accurate portrayal of the life of george patton .
negative	i loath this film . what a waste of the talented miss angelina jolie and production costs . they could have made twelve films the size of girl , interrupted with that budget . there is no plot . there is no entertaining action sequences . there are no interesting characters . there are no interesting back stories . there are parts where they tried to add in comic relief but it came off as dull pointless chatter . most of the dialouge in this film was so mind numbing all i could hear were clicking sounds . angelina jolie is still one very attractive woman and this film proves it once again , yes , i would like to get hot and heavy with this vixen . beyond that this film has nothing . absolutly nothing . it is a summer movie . but those are usually entertaining ! i have never been so bored in an action film in my entire friggin life ! there is a funny part though . in the beginning there is a shower scene with lara croft ( which shows more skin than the usual pg-13 fair ) and later on is a part where we think we are about to be treated to another lara croft shower scene , when all of a sudden it pans down to reveal . . . a man ! ! ! only laugh out loud part of the movie . all the guys were like oh yea ! ! ! then the camera pans down to reveal a square chin covered in stubble and a receeeding hair line ahhh sh * t , man ! great moment . i wonder if the film makers did this intentionally ?
positive	this movie is so good to me , i watch all of them . this is my most favorite movies .
positive	this movie paints an incredible picture of a gambling addict . john anthony ( mccoughnahay ) is a stellar ex-college athlete who's career was ended by an injury . the guy sits around an office and is more or less miserable when he catches a big break due to his knack for sports gambling , and he goes from basically a farmboy to a nyc hot-shot overnight . he rises and falls quickly but he's not the guy with the problem - that's walter ( pacino ) . he lives not for the thrill of victory but for the defeat . he explains that gambling addicts are not actually addicted to winning - it's losing that they crave . it's that moment when you know you've got it all on the line , everything you own is riding on one bet . . . nothing can match that high . renee russo is excellent in her supporting role as walter's wife who refuses to give up on him .
positive	i just saw this last night ! i think that sean and julia are great actors and to me save the last dance should be the number 1 movie in america . but that is just me . it rocked
positive	the lord of the rings ; the fellowship of the ring is definetly the best movie ever made ! i wish i could give it a higher rating but i can't ! if there was a 1 , 000 , 000 i would definetly rate it with that ! anyone who doesn't like it doesn't understand it needs to go to a mental hospital !
negative	is this a joke ? why would i watch this crap for $ 10 when i can stay at home and see it for free on mtv or fox . whoever came up with this idea is an idiot .
positive	on of the stupidest very funny movies of all time . great from start to finish .
positive	funny ! romantic ! adventurous ! action packed ! what more can you ask for in a movie ? it's a classic and one of my all time favorites .
negative	what the hell were they thinking when they came up with this movie idea , its sucks , one of the most boring movie i have seen
positive	2 breakfasts please ! lol da two yutes . . . the what ? 'da two yutes' . . did you say yutes ? 'sorry your honor the two yoouuuthhzzzzz ! this movie was cute and funny from start to finish . the scene on the porch of the cabin between joe peci' and marisa tomei was hysterical . . . as was the scene when his suit gets ruined and he has to walk into court wearing a ridiculous suit from the mid 1800's that he got at a second hand store . im laughing just thinking about it .
positive	just an amazing story , awsome cinematogrophy , and the best performance tom hankes has done . the story of a stupid person that never does anything actually stupid . he just kinds of floats by so many historical moments and has such big roll in history he is not even aware of . he grows up alabama raised by just his mother barly makes into public school , but insup being on the national football league because of his ability run fast . from then on he meets three presidents , serves in vietnam , is awarded the medal of honor , speakes infront of thousands during a war protest , gos to china and plays in the world ping-pong championship , uncovers the watergate scandle , starts the biggest scrimpin company in america , is one of the original investors in micresoft , and runs for three years straight across the country . obviously he has an exciting life , but after advevture always returns to his home in alabama . an epoc film , and historicly amazing . you will never see life the same once you have seen it through the eyes of forrest gump
positive	this has been one of my favourite movies for years and years : ) i've read the book as well , and i think the cast was very well-chosen , the historical account well told , and the story - of course - riveting ! this is a true classic , and it's pretty easy to see why !
negative	this is a comedy ? i can't believe people rated it this high - not funny to me .
negative	oh my god . as if the first sequel wasn't bad enough , they had to make another scream movie . . oh well , what can you do , right ? a couple of good things though . they brought randy back ( even if it was in a video ) and it was nice to see jay and silent bob , but that was about it . not keeping with the scream tradition , there was only one killer who turned out to be a character whom wich we knew absolutely nothing about and was only introduced to us once . i mean , it could have been anyone , the pissed off brother or john q . walk-on . another thing , where did everyone get those bullet proof vests ? a cute attempt to try and finish off the scream movies , but sorry guys , you failed miserably .
positive	my favorite adam sandler movie . i loved when he would see and talk to the penguin .
negative	that was the absolute worst movie i have ever seen in my life . there was no plot whatsoever and the story line that was very shallow was pathetic . i hated this movie !
positive	i have always loved this sweet little tale about lady the pampered cocker spaniel and tramp the homeless mutt . their worlds were different until they came together when the nasty aunt who was babysitting { while lady's owners were out of town } tried to put a collar on lady . they ran away . the scene at the restaurant where they share a plate of spaghetti is precious . there are other dog characters too . peg the dog the dog who has been around some humerous scenes some sad . of course all ends well with a happy ending and a new home for tramp . cute disney i loved from my childhood and still enjoy .
positive	i like it better than the gocfather , but for one reason i think i always miss the subtle genius of the godfather movies . . .
positive	this is definitely the best disney movie ever .
positive	this movie was inventive , bizzare , and some how lovable , the end was a little weird but good ! i didn't expect a musical .
positive	this is probally my favortie scary movie of all times i like the first one a lot better than the 2nd or 3rd
positive	it was better than the first because the first was setting up the story so teh second had more action . kinda like episode iv and v from star wars . i also loved it because it had nightcrawler . x3 is coming out in may . update : i may not see x3 since i have heard they may not have nightcrawler in it and he was one of the best in the movie . they may do a wolverine movie which means a slice and dice movie .
positive	the director is an heir of hitchcock . it is a movie very different from what french people usually do , but you won't be disappointed !
positive	masterful , concise , dubious , chilling , real . loved it .
positive	this one was better than the first one cuz that buffy blonde really got on my nerves
positive	i understand that it is a highly offensive movie , but if you are willing to let yourself go and just laugh at the jokes it turns out to be one of the funniest movies around . if nothing else at least fastforward through everything , but the songs . the music makes the movie worth watching and deserving of at least a four star rating by itself .
positive	just a good movie . really nothing of merit dramawise , nor acting that could be called great . it just somehow works . keeps you interested from the begining untill the end . good movie . ijr says check it out !
negative	what is soo great about this movie i dont see anything
positive	not only is it wonderfully done and incredibly suspenseful , it has an extremely deep story and the script is witty and wonderful . perhaps best of all , tony perkins shines like no other performance in cinema as norman bates .
positive	heart breaking . the mother daughter dynamic was tough to swallow . perfectly acted by the main cast and told in an unrushed and sincere manner befitting the story .
positive	this is a great romantic movie . woody allen at his best . annie hall is funny everytime you watch it .
positive	it leaves you with a sense of conclusion and gives a twist to what you thought the ending would be .
positive	very confusing , i had to watch it a bunch of times to get the story line , but once i did i loved this movie . only for smart people . kubrick has a way of doing that . the scariest movie i've ever seen and it wasn't a horror movie . not a feel good movie but i like that , it keeps you thinking ( if you have sense enough to stay awake ) . great though .
negative	the movie and the book are two different things . the book was told from one perspective , and the movie from another . the book gave specific details about the characters , the movie didn't give anything but the name of the character . some of the scenes in the movie did happen in the book , but most of the major scenes from the book never made it into the movie .
positive	a very good movie . bette davis plays a famous stage actress margo channing . eve is a young actress want to be who claims to be a huge fan of margo channing she even charms her way into margo channings life by moving in with her as an assistant . time goes by and we see that eve is not the sweet doting fan she pretends to be . it turns out that eve wants to be an actress and we see she will stop at nothing to get what she wants . bette davis is great as the getting older margo { if you can call 40 old ! } who trusted eve and was later betrayed by her . marilyn monroe has a small role in the movie too . all the actors are good in their roles . a little too long but a very good movie .
positive	there is nit enough stars in the night sky to rate this movie . pure horror . and i know horror .
positive	stanley kubrick's masterpiece ! that's all i gotta say !
positive	i love all the characters in this movie . they are all excellent actors and actresses . definitely , this is a five-star movie .
positive	if a horror film is supposed to scare the be jesus ( sp ? ) out of people then this is one helluva horror film . i hate horror movies , hate 'em . partly because i think they're usually kinda cheesey and partly because , . . well 'cause they're scary but this one is really scary . i must've seen this when i was about 10 or so and it totally freaked me out .
positive	i do love this film . the only problem i have is the script . no doubt cameron put his hand in it big time . i really do think he should stick to teh producing and directing . to me terminator is more a love story than anything else . the main storyline is to keep sarah conner alive so she conceives her son john who will help mankind to beat the cybertech computer system . reece gets sent back by john conner , john knows that reece is his dad and has to be sent back ( i know , it gets complicated ) arnie was originally meant to play the part of reece , but both himself and cameron thought he'd be better as the terminator . the sfx are very good considering when it was done .
positive	this movie is amazing . its every teens dream to be like ferris . he is just so funny , and so cool , and its an all around great movie .
negative	the only reason the real life guy was awarded the nobel prize was out of pity . they had to dredge up some obscure theory from his graduate days that wasnt nonsense and pretend it was something relevant to today .
negative	i have a question about this movie : the whole thing is that if you make a copy of the tape , you wont die . ( it was discovered at the end ) . rachel made a copy of the tape at the begining of the movie , but why through out the entire movie rachel is having all these symptoms and signs as if she was going to die ? ( bloody noses , blurry picture , hair coming out of her throat etc . ) it's hard for me to watch this movie thinking that .
positive	its the most amazingly innocent-humoured fil ever ! there are some classic characters ( the black knight , nights who say neep , killer rabbit , ) and its just an azaming experience ! ! i would recommend it to anyone !
positive	this movie was marvelous . i have always been a fan of tolkien and fantasy as a genre . when they announced that someone was making the fellowship of the ring into a movie i was half over-joyed and half wary of what they may do to the story . but after seeing the movie i'm extremely impressed and cannot wait until the next installment comes out this december . the acting was wonderful , the characters were exactly as they should be and the sets and special effects . . . they were just amazing . this movie is a beautiful movie in so many ways . go see it , that's all i can say . . . just go see it .
positive	gypsy is a great musical starring natalie wood as gypsy rose lee and rosalind russel as the mother . they made a later version with bette midler , but this one is clearly the better one .
positive	really good screenplay . it should have gotten an award .
negative	this movie had the potential to be very good . i thought it was great for the first three minutes . then it turns out that cats and dogs are smarter than humans , and they use all of these james bond type equipment to fight each other . it's so unreal that i wanted to hurl !
positive	the big daddy of all the family films . a wonderful fantasy about dorothy getting whisked off to oz and meeting up with many memorable characters . you could see this a hundred times and not get tired .
negative	i did not get this on at all you've folks jumping around like they are in the matrix and no one seems to know why . a couple of nice fight scenes but on a whole way over rated .
positive	i love this movie ! ! ! it is the most beautiful movie i have seen in a long time ! it makes me cry everytime i watch it ! ! ! i will eventually buy it and will watch it all the time until the disc no longer plays ! !
positive	this is one of the favorite movies of my youth . even though it's a period film , it's really funny . the actor who played the main character did a great job .
positive	armageddon had various themes leading to one overall . i liked the movie because it was interesting . the cast was great . liv tyler is the best !
positive	while visiting my 78-year old dad , we watched it on amc . unbeknownst to me , my pop seems to have watched this movie a dozen times and knew every line and every scene like so many rocky horror revelers . though i am not the biggest john wayne fan , this one is great . the veiled sexuality between wayne and sizzling hot red-head acollene maureen o'hara is palpable -- even in 1952 . it was neat when o'hara confides a very discreet issue on their inability to consummate their marriage with the town priest ( ward bond ) in gaelic . victor mclaglan and the duke have one of the best hollywood fights in history . the irish locales are visually stunning . overall , a real treat i was glad to share with pops . seek it out .
negative	by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life ! i had to wake my boyfriend up so we could leave . half of the movie theater walked out , i have never seen that happen before .
positive	this movie was really cool ! ! !
negative	you mean all you have to do is make a copy of the tape and you're safe ? what if you gave someone a copy ? would they still have to make a copy of the copy ? what if you copied it onto dvd ? what if you copied over one of youre dukes of hazzard episodes ? would rosco p . coltraine step out of you're tv . that would be sweet .
positive	bad ass movie ! great acting and storyline . good movie !
positive	shaft is an excellent movie to see . samuel l . jackson plays a great shaft . he also looks very cute with a bald head . will smith was asked to play the part , but i am glad samuel l . jackson got the part because he is a more serious actor .
positive	this was an excellent french film by the woman who starred in amelie . has some french regulars . very engaging film taking place during world war i , about a polio infected woman searching for her lost lover who is missing in action as the war comes to an end . very complex plot that unfolds beautifully . jodie foster plays a part in it , which eliminated the film from contention for best foreign film category at the academy awards .
positive	i love this movie ! a great teen film about love and skiing and trying to kill yourself .
negative	laugh out loud funny . just goes to show you that no matter what year it is or far the human race has progressed that whenever someone is told to never turn your back on the knife wielding maniac that carves human hides for a hobby than the jack ass is going get stabbed from behind .
positive	what do you do when jack goes mad ? truly one of the foundations of horror today . this movie is well , monumentary . amazing performance by jack nicholson who plays a winter caretaker of the overlook hotel , who slowly turns mad throughout the movie to the point of trying to kill his family who is staying at the hotel with him for the winter . its great to see jack's amazing acting ability shine as you watch madness slowly possess his mind throughout the movie until he turns into this beast at the climax in one of the most memorable chase scenes in movie history . scince its from stanley kubrick , the director of clockwork orange , you know that it promises to be visualy stunning . a must see for any true horror fans out there .
positive	i love this guy he is so asome this is how batman would be if he was half human and half vanpire .
positive	austin powers was incredibly funny . i think most of its hilarity originated from the clever script and the idea of spoofing the spy movies . also , the sophomoric gags kept me rolling with laughter .
positive	madonna . . 5 stars all the way . . and an oscar ! !
negative	it is on my list of ten worst movies i've ever saw ( or in this case slept through ) . it had all the suspense of a half-hearted game of clue jr . , the story was meandering and wearisome , and the sound quality of the dvd , coupled with the bad british accents made most of the movie sound mushy and inaudible . it was so painfully boring that we rented it for a whole week and popped it in our dvd player 4 nights and fell in and out of repose all week . by the time i woke up for the ending where they reveal whodunit , i commented , i don't even know who they f--k got killed , and angrilly went back to sleep . i don't dig robert ( i hate america ) altman movies . i don't understand why every big-time actor has to make an appearance in an altman movie . must be some coastal elite blue states liberal thing .
positive	if one film could incapsulate the self-indulgence of the eighties onto a single piece of celluloid , it would be this one . al pacino plays arguably the greatest role of his prestigious career in his performance of tony montana , an ironic personification of the american dream . tony is a lowly career criminal who comes to america from communist cuba with little more than the shirt on his back and a gleam in his eye . fueled by his newly liberated sense of desire , he goes from rags to riches ( dealing in yayo , naturally ) . in doing so though , he becomes lax , decadent and obsessed with money . this action packed tale is a vividly painted portrait of the double-edged sword that is desire . the plentiful action scenes are inventive and pacino lends a infectious intensity to them . oh yes , it's funny too . pacino's portrayal of the exaggeratedly crude montana is side-splitting as he spouts language that would make howard stern wince . scarface is the complete package , a true epic and every minute is infused with vibrant creativity .
positive	great musical movie . i enjoy how the guys can sing and still act macho in the movie . good acting and funny yet sad movie .
positive	damn that indian dude who like wrote and directed that movie is a genius . his movies are just so fu * * in unique . all the movies are crap now , but damn this movie is phat .
positive	it was very funny and i liked it mike myers is very funny .
positive	scarface . a classic . one of the best original gangsta movies of all time . i can never get tired of seeing it over and over again .
positive	terrific movie . the best teen movie since clueless .
positive	sixth sense is my all time favorite horror movie . i watch horror movies all the time , so it takes a lot for a movie to make me jump . sixth sense not only made me jump , but had me crying for my mom and gripping my best friends hand throughout the entire movie . from the moment the guy is in bruce willis' bathroom , to the end where haley's character is in the car with his mom at an accident scene , you are petrified with fear . i was so scared after the movie that i had to read happy children's books , and sleep in bed with my sister with the light on all night . i've never been that scared after a movie . i think the reason the movie had such an effect on me because i've always felt that there are beings around us at all times , we just can't see them .
positive	an excellent film about a boy's lifelong friendship with a man who runs the cinema in his small hometown . the ending almost made me cry , and i never cry at movies .
negative	excrement on a stick . no , retract that . not quite that good .
positive	an absolute joy to watch matt damons best ever character , and jay and silent bob are at their absolute best in this feature , i have this on vhs and it is now unwatchable due to the wear and tear it has endured , and the religious factor is beautifully done . i could go on for hours about this movie but i wont ( no applause needed ) .
negative	didn't like it at all . jack nicholson is a great actor but the other cast members weren't that good . i just hated the storyline .
positive	this movie gives insight to a woman's life that is a major part of history . until i saw this movie i did not realize what kind of life she went through . i am glad that the storyline wasn't changed too drastically from the actual historical events .
positive	palpatine continues his conquest of domination and destruction of the republic . he looks a little more tired in this one because the quest for galactic domination is taking its strain . similar to phantom menace in that palpatine keeps pushing and gaining a stronger hold on the senate by not just being chancellor this time but gets the senate to elect him as a supreme commander / dictator to still the turmoil brought on by the trade federation . again palpatine is playing the trade federation , he used them in phantom menace to get elected chancellor , and here he uses them to get the clone army approved by the senate , and to gain ultimate control over the republic . at the same time he gets some termites who make battle droids for the trade federation to construct plans for a death star . and has count dooku deliver them to him on coruscant . i like dooku much more than darth maul who was all braun and no brains . i think palpatine will have a bit of trouble in getting rid of dooku , he is going to have to really work at out smarting dooku in the next film , because there can be only one emperor . jango fett continues the badass image of the fett's we got from boba in the old movies . i look forward to seeing boba in action in the third movie , because the effects with jango were excellent , he exemplifies everything a bounty hunter should be in the star wars universe . and what i wish i could have seen boba doing in the battle at the sarlacc pit in jedi . an unfitting end in movie history if i ever saw one . take his head off with a lightsabre or call it a draw , anything but igniting his jetpack by mistake and sending him headfirst into jabbas skiff then tumbling into the mouth of the sarlacc . kinda ironic it was a misfire of jangos jetpack that did him in . or was it ? and by the way how come all the stormtroopers in the early films are so easy to killoff if they are all clones of jango should they not be a little more deadly and inventive . guess its the inbreeding over 30 years . nuff said . attack of the clones is a fun movie and nice addition to the star wars saga .
negative	x-men was more of a movie for kids . it's a movie that has no point . the ending makes no sense and resolves nothing . x-men is a cartoon that should remain a cartoon .
positive	arguably taratino's best film , this one packs in the most excitement and the best writing . harvey keitel is excellent as mr . white and steve buscemi plays a wonderful mr . pink , but tim roth is the real show stopper as mr . orange ( freddy nuindike ) . tarantino make an appearance as mr . brown and lawrence tierney is a tough but funny crime boss . michael madsen's mr . white cahracter get to have most of the fun ( i . e . cutting the ear of of marvin nash the captured police officer , and generally playing it cool ) . the constant backdrop of k-billy's super sounds of the seventies makes the perfect frame for this film . best scene : are you gonna bark all day little doggy , or are you gonna bite ?
positive	i had nightmares yaaaaaaaaay !
positive	hillarious !
positive	hillarious !
negative	anyone that watches south park has to be a goof . i mean , the show holds the record for most profanities . this show gets a movie , but frasier doesn't ! or star trek : deep space nine ! or home improvement ! it's crazy , i tell you . avoid this movie at all costs . it isn't rated-r for nothing you know . . .
positive	one of the funniest films of all time . . never once have i not laughed . and dont forget . . he is not the messiah , he ` s a very naughty boy
positive	well . . . i just went to go see this movie today and i must say this is histerical ! ! ! it is a must see . . . the movie is about america's most loved couple breaking ^ and the people not liking them as much b / c they are not together . then someone has been hired to try and bring them back together , but the movie brings surprises and great entertainment so go c it ! ! the actors and actresses in it are as follows : julia roberts , billy christal , john cusack , and catherine zeta jones . . . oh and the adorable seth green is in it toooooo ! ! ! ! catherine zeta jones and john cusack are the famous couple that split ^ . . . and julia roberts is the sister of catherine zeta jones , and billy christal is the man hired to get them back together and seth green is billy chrystal's assistant . . . . it is very cute ! ! did yall know that julia roberts was offered the part as gwen , catherine zeta jones' part . oh and if u have seen the movie or the previews the parts w / the dogs by billy christal's crotch . . . wasn't suppose ta be in the movie . . . . and in my opinion was the funniest part . . heheehe it is sooo great u hvae to c it . . i highly recommend it ! ! ! : )
positive	'it's such a perfect day , i'm glad i spent it with you ! ' i very darkly humoured look at heroin addiction in edinburgh . sharp , wittly , caustic and full on intelligent social commentary . the film which propelled ewan mcgregor towards hollywood stardom . robert carlyle gives his best performance i've seen to date as the dysfunctional alcoholic begbie . if you liked this try watching shallow grave . not quite as good but still has danny bolye's tar black sense of humour .
negative	utter garbage . if jude law's career can survive that it can survive anything .
positive	reservoir dogs is quentin tarantino's best film and arguably one of the best films , period . it was very cutting edge in it's time and remains so several years of technique evolution later , and will undoubtedly continue to be far into the future . this film twists your imagination and destroys your morals and you'll love it like nothing else . go see this movie !
positive	what a classic ! from the gripping storyline to the ultimately cool finale this film will rest in your imagination for a long time . kevin spacey is magnetic and along with some good support , this makes a classic film noir / thriller
positive	one of my favorite films ever . i love the dialogue , the characters , the story , everything . kevin smith is a genious in his own right .
positive	barbara streisand was great as fannie brice , the performer from the early to mid 1900s . there are some good songs such as don't rain in my parade , and i'm the greatest star . the roller skating scene is funny . other numbers are good as well .
negative	possibly the worst piece of crap ever made . some of adam sandler's movies are funny , such as happy gilmore and big daddy , but this movie was ridiculous .
positive	this is a great movie . it has a good story and is scary as hell .
positive	yet another spin on the whole origin of the vampire , yet a new history and a new take on the werewolf origin as well , but at least this one gives the werewolf story abetter beginning than the old and tired wolf bites human makes him a werewolf story . however , the new breed of werevamp is not my fav . i thought they pulled it off well , but surely they could have made him look better than that ! ! altogether , i think this movie was great . we can't wait for evolution ! ! !
positive	exhilarating entertainment , particularly the opening fight scene between two women on the rooftop that took my breath away . it is a tossup between this and gladiator as to which is best picture of the year . this has everything in it -- action sequences never before put on film , two love stories , mysticism , teen rebellion . ang lee himself described this as sense and sensibility with martial arts . people don't realize that lee brought together some of the greatest talent in the world . michael yeoh , who should have been nominated for an academy award , and chow yun fat , are not only the biggest stars in asia but have appeared in big american studio movies . the man who choreographed the fight scenes has been called the best in the business for his work on the matrix , but what he has done here goes way beyond that . and all of the lines in movie , delivered in mandarin , had to be learned from scratch by all the actors , none of whom knew the language previously . see it and believe it .
positive	bruce lee's last movie is nice and more intense . my favorite part is when he killed o'hara for the self-sacrificing of his sister . then , the part when he fought in a one on one and also in the room of mirrors , where he finally found a way to kill him with a single fierce kick . my favorite part is when he is showing how quick he is with nunchuks . this movie is cool .
negative	ha ! this movie blew ! it was some pathetic goth kid's wet dream
positive	if you love movies and comics , this is the perfect movie for you . i thought that x-men had to be one of the best movies of the year . i was just overwhelmed by all the special effects and how close the movie was to the comic book . it was worth my money to see .
positive	there were several chracteristics that made this an excellent movie . first , it had a good blend of humor , second , the action sequences were mild enough for all audiences , and third , the language was controlled .
positive	one of my favorite movies . . . love adam and drew together !
positive	i am willing to bet that many people have never heard of autism before , and i give this movie credit for bringing it to the public's attention . the film is an excelent way of showing that a mental disability does not necessarily mean low intelegence . plus , i loved watching tom cruise freak out constantly in this film ; provided real comic relief from the drama .
negative	um , i'm pretty sure the british stole the enigma machine from the germans , not the americans , guess the lads in continuity missed that fact
negative	when humor this crude and mean-spirited is considered one of the greatest comedies ever by so many people , i am convinced that our society has pretty much totally lost it .
positive	see the new bruce lee in movies ! awesome action-packed movie with great fighting scenes . must see if you like bruce lee !
positive	i'll be damned if i ever figured out the plot , and i don't think raymond chandler and howard hawks ever did , either . so what ? bogie , bacall , snappy patter , classy dames , and everyone smoked , since you were more likely to get plugged in the back than live long enough to get cancer . . . . those were the days ! the remake in 1978 , with mitchum ( who made a pretty good marlow ) and sarah miles just didn't work , since they inexplicably transferred it all to england . and film noir just doesn't make it in color .
positive	i loved this movie . i went and saw it twice . the actors are great and in some parts the whole audiance at the theater was laughing for 5 minutes straight ! ! i love it ! ! !
positive	love the whole series . i'm a sucker for this kind of humor .
positive	i loved the magic of the movie especially orlando bloom's portrayal of legolas . i can't wait for the next movie !
positive	hey guys , comment on this movie ! it's great ! top 15 hitchcocks !
positive	this movie isn't going to win any awards , but i think it was a cute movie .
positive	this is a wonderfully crafted film . the imagery is amazing , brilliant colors are used in a way to convey feelings in the heaven scene , and then dark colors for hell are used to convey that . the story is profound and invokes thought . robin williams does a good acting job .
negative	another total waste of space from america's most popular pot smoking duo . . . a completely idiotic movie in every way . . . no point whatsoever . . . do not waste your hard earned money buying this junk . . .
positive	oh boy . . . . . the matrix , its a funny thing but here am i looking at this thing , wondering , yes wondering . could this be true , is it really going on ! ? well . . . . . . sorta like that . i've been reading a book in the bible called ephesians this book written by someone named apostle paul he was in prison writting to this particular people telling , explaining who they are and what they are supposed to be doing . lets forget this traditional stuff and move on to the real , present , future ! the matrix is only a sci-fi reflection of the truth -----neo saves so does jesus christ .
positive	son , you gotta a panty on your head . .
positive	thankfully pixar's deal with disney is coming to an end so they can make great films without having that sickening disney touch to it . i absolutely loved this film as did the seven guys who i watched it with did . the animation is out of this world and the characters are very funny . do love the seagulls - 'mate , mate , mate . . . . '
positive	great movie . jack nicholson plays nasty melvin who cannot be nice to others and has terrible insults for almost everyone . he has a crush on a waitress played by helen hunt . his neighbor a gay man who is an artist is attacked and put in the hospital . melvin is forced to take care of the neighbors dog while the man is in the hospital . things change from that point on melvin grows to like the dog and he becomes a nicer person . he helps out the waitress who has a sick son . i like the fact that this little dog makes a change for the better in a man who could not reach out to others , melvin slowly changes into a nicer person { not perfect , but nicer . } i loved the movie and still enjoy watching it .
positive	i love bruce lee . he's a great actor . he does great karate . he fights well .
positive	this sequel chronicles anakin skywalker and how he started to turn evil . great battle scenes , music , special effects , and an excellent plot .
positive	one of the best films of the last 20 yrs . never been anything like it since .
positive	great special effects , good sense of magic and wonder .
positive	this was a highly intense but violent movie . but it shouldnt have been a surprise because it was rated x in the beginning cuz of the violence . its a guy movie for sure but ive watched it a few times .
positive	a lot of people really hate this movie . i personally love it . i think astrophysics is really cool . this was released in 1997 when everyone was crazy about aliens . the motif isn't as popular now , so it may not be so appealing , but it's still a great movie . jodie foster does an excellent job . the film explores galactic communication through matehmatical signals , possible space travel , and the conflict between science and religion . it's entertaining and very well-made , and it really causes the viewer to reflect on what he or she really believes , as some things are open to interpretation . i'd say this is a must-see .
positive	one of my personal favorites . steve mcqueen is a god ! ! the acting is great , the story is great , and the music is great . everything is fantastic ! it's filled with action and has a cool motorcycle chase scene . what else do you need ?
positive	this is one beautiful movie , i tell you guys . it deserves a five . i can see it over and over and over and over and over again . i never get bored of this true beautiful story .
positive	7 days ! ! !
negative	mariah carey is in this movie and it absolutely sucks !
negative	this was a comedy ? i guess the joke was getting a studio to front the money for this wretched garbage .
positive	the best horror film ever . easily . great acting ; great directing ; great thrills ; great chills ; great film .
positive	i was really impressed by this movie . the story line was great with a lot of emotion .
positive	sean connery plays a desert bandit who kidnaps an american widow and her two kids . it is 1904 . brian keith plays a great teddy roosevelt who sends the marines . they land and shoot up the ruler's palace , hold him for ransom and get back the americans . it is loosely based on history but really great fun in the main . the scenes between candace bergen and connerty sometimes get a little draggy , but you can fast forward past those .
positive	i watch this every time it's on tv ! it's so funny , the actors are great , and it has some of the funniest jokes ever . i love milton , who always mumbles about his stapler , and eventually burns down the building !
positive	this was a good movie about how some women get paid for doing a job as a bartender . there is a good plot for her singing career . she never gave up .
positive	see if you can figure out why the birds kill people . if you can't , the story is my daphne du maurier , and hitchcock edited out the final scene in the film ( which explained ) .
positive	wow ! this movie is my all time favorite movie . it contained everything a good movie should . emotion , comedy , and romance . i would reccomend this movie to anyone ! ! because it is the best ever !
negative	i respect anyone who has had the guts to make as many come backs as the olsens have , but i am just not into their new stuff .
negative	a textbook example of how to make a bad movie out of a good book .
positive	this movie is so endearingly honest that you can tell cameron crowe is truly trying to get it all out and really express himself . i could really feel the amount of emotion he put into it , including his love of the rock and roll classics . it has an understated tone to it which is probably what i liked most about it .
positive	this is an excellent movie and mel gibson's finest . don't be scared away by the length of the film . it has great action and it flies by . you'll also be amazed by how great the large battles scenes are . they may have a little too much violence for some , but they are truly a tremendous directorial feat . braveheart is funny at times , but is also has a lot of heart .
positive	saw this film today and it is incredible . a perfect portrayal of the gospel and all that jesus christ suffered so that we can accept him as lord and go to heaven when we die . well done , mel gibson !
positive	i love all the lethal weapon films and although this one is not my favorite of the series , i still thought that is was a great film . it combined drama and action perfectly , and we can truly get inside the character's heads and understand their emotions . mel gibson does a wonderful job of portraying riggs's eccentric , somewhat troubled personality to the audience . danny glover is perfectly cast as the grouchy murtaugh who has his own insecurities about his age . the chemistry that glover and gibson share is simply amazing and it really perfected the film . and boy , what a creepy performance by gary busey . then again , i guess it's not hard for him to take on creepy roles . in the final analysis , lethal weapon is definately one worth watching , and be sure to catch the rest of the films as well .
positive	i liked the girl . lots of action . good graphics and stunts . i liked the cars .
negative	good grief ! it's a zero ! a re-make of the seventies flick that went out of date in the seventies ! three boobs given superhuman capabilities to beat up on all the bad guy's ? gimme a break !
positive	this must be the best movie of the 90's . from the scene when the doctor and his wife are at the mansion and the lights are glistening , to cruise walking the streets , or when he is trying to discover what is happening , the whole film is a visual treat . ok , the last scene could be ditched and simply leaves a tired ending , but apart from that the film cannot be faulted .
negative	the godfather movies deserve nothing except to be destroyed and put out of their forsaken misery .
positive	this was a great rendition of a great book . the mood , story , music and acting all fit together great . it was violent , but contained an important message while pushing the envelope .
positive	it was a romantic but yet realistic expression of love .
positive	when a comedy is clever it is good , when it takes a well known subject , pulls it to pieces , puts it back together again through the minds of six genius it can only be described as brilliant !
positive	a great , great movie . chevy chase and bill murray at the funniest ! kill the golfers !
negative	worst movie i have ever seen . if you find yeast infections , vulgar language and men nursing off a stranger entertaining , you will love it .
positive	one of the best sci-fi movies to date . great graphics and good story as well . the storyline is unique . interesting movie , must see .
positive	i really enjoyed this movie . there were so many famous people and i think that made it more interesting . it is a really funny movie and definitely worth going to see .
positive	i was shaky about giving this movie five stars , but deep down , i think it's worth it . it's fine storytelling . okay , the kingpin is a little too mu-hu-ha-ha-ha sometimes , and the carnage of the fight scenes tends to detract from the characters' identities . . . if only you could have two and a half hours of posturing and line delivery , like you do in the comics . to some extent , elektra is just a girl with sais , daredevil is just a creep in a kinky costume , and kingpin is just a hood . bullseye is just deranged , and he's a lot of fun . but this movie's got heart , and it's incredibly well shot and timed out , and it has a great sense of humor . it stays faithful to the comic as much as it can , with affleck ( p-u ) nailing murdock , who more or less is a mannequin in the books , when not flaying somebody's ass . the supporting characters are extremely well done , almost to the point of overkill , and everybody in the movie seems to be willing to bring this silly superhero story to life . of all the comic book vigilantes ever to hit the screen , this torn up , beat up , drugged up , messed up guy is the best and most believable , and maybe the most cheerable . a definite must see .
negative	aweful . this movie's story was so insulting ! jet had some pretty sweet fight scenes , but if that is all i wanted to see i would go down to the local dojo . if you like blood and wwf-like drama , this movie is for you . if you want something for your ticket price , then go see something else !
positive	munson , i certainly agree with you . kramer vs . kramer is a wonderfully touching film , and justin henry as the seven year old involved in a custody battle , is brilliant . i think this is one of hoffman's best films as well . the way his and meryl streep's characters are shown as mostly vindictive toward the other , but with an underlying compassion as well as thinking of the child , adds substance to the story . i applaud kramer vs . kramer for depicting divorce through a child's eyes so well , that surely even the more hardened of hearts will be affected by it . the best motion pictures do more than merely entertain ; they enlighten . bravo !
positive	the cell what can i say it was the best scary i've seen all year
positive	i thought this was a great movie . while i totally disagree with the events that happen , i thought it was hilarious .
positive	another kubrick masterpiece . r . lee ermey totally makes the film what it is by doing a fantastic performance as the drill instructor .
positive	animal house for the 90's
positive	i think scream is one of the most creative horror movies ever created . they make it feel like you know what's happening , then all of a sudden they give you a big twist at the end and it leaves you really stunned .
positive	great fantasy story ! there are very few fantasies out there that come close to the sense of awe and wonder this film projects . e . t . is the only one that comes to mind . add that to the fact that it is has been branded onto our culture in the same vein as films like gone with the wind , casablanca , psycho and others . great performances , excellent visuals , interesting situations and some great songs ! it all adds up to one great film !
negative	i tried , i really tried . . . it's too dated . unwatchable . i'll never go hungry again ! yikes .
